A deal between the transportation department and general motors the story on npr's all things considered .
G. m. will not be required to recall pickup trucks with alleged safety problems .
The company instead will spend millions for safety programs .
Senator tom daschle of south dakota takes over as the senate's new minority leader .
Republican bob dole will lead the majority .
The immigration service has new rules that should make it easier to apply for political asylum in this country .
Revised procedures will streamline the process to protect legitimate asylum seekers while curbing the abuses of the asylum system .
Also writer bill harley on travels to ireland and his favorite souvenir .
That's coming up on all things considered .
Now this news .
This is all things considered .
I'm noah adams .
General motors and federal regulators have worked out a deal which <unk> a legal showdown over the proposed recall of millions of general motors pick up trucks .
The vehicles in question feature the so called side saddle fuel tanks which critics say makes the trucks prone to catch fire in certain kinds of accidents .
G. m. has always said the trucks are safe .
This afternoon transportation secretary federico pena announced that the investigation into the alleged defects in the trucks has ended .
In exchange g. m. has promised to spend more than fifty million dollars in support of federal auto safety programs .
Don gonyea reports from detroit .
The settlement comes just days before the start of a public hearing in washington that would have focused on the safety of the g. m. full sized trucks built from nineteen seventy three to nineteen eighty seven .
That hearing promised to be a public relations nightmare for g. m. in that among those scheduled to testify were burn victims and relatives of people who died in fiery crashes in g. m. trucks .
It was two months ago that transportation secretary pena called for the public hearing .
At the time he said the trucks posed an unreasonable risk of fire and he criticized the company for knowingly producing an unsafe vehicle .
G. m. countered with evidence showing that the <unk> overall fatality rate was comparable to other trucks and far better than most cars on the road .
Further g. m. said the trucks met all federal standards when they were built .
G. m. promised to fight any recall attempt in court .
With a lengthy legal battle inevitable coupled with the fact that <unk> own technical advisers recommended against a recall the secretary looked for a way to settle the matter .
Today he announced a deal saying more lives would be saved if g. m. agrees to fund safety research and other programs than if the six million or so trucks still on the road had been recalled .
I want you to know how difficult this case has been for me .
And when you look at the two options that i've had and the likelihood that these trucks will continue to be on our highways while this litigation was proceeding and the option that we have today which is to do something immediately to save many more lives and thousands of injuries this is the one that is most important and i think has a broader positive impact on the american traveling public .
Those are the options that i have before me and i think i have made the one the best possible interest .
G. m. officials called the settlement a good one that would lead to the development of even safer cars and trucks but consumer groups said the deal amounted to little more than a bribe with g. m. buying off federal officials by promising to fund programs .
Here's john claybrook of public citizen .
We're very disturbed that this decision has been made .
We think that the secretary had no reason to come to this conclusion before the public hearing before allowing the public as the statute provides to have their opportunity to speak .
And i think that the reason that general motors wanted to do this is because the the shining light of publicity was too much for them and for their their customers .
The agreement does not affect any lawsuits pending against g. m. relating to the trucks but analysts point out that a recall order would have led to even more suits being filed against the auto maker .
