For the first time in nearly three decades a chilean president is paying an official visit to the united states .
Chile's <unk> <unk> met with president bush today at the white house to discuss a possible free trade agreement .
President bush reportedly is eager to begin negotiations and as c. n. n.'s lucia newman tells us so is mr. <unk> .
Chile is a small thin country far away from north america and only the united states thirty fifth largest export market .
But while small chile has big plans with the support of the bush administration to become the first south american country to enter into a free trade agreement with the united states .
The reason is that this country has a very stable political system .
We are playing by the rules of the international economy .
We have a very good entrepreneurial class good management and a lot of natural resources .
Indeed chile has the most open economy in latin america and at a time when other regional democracies are cracking under free market reforms chile's economy and democracy are thriving .
Chile is most interested in attracting u. s. investment here which is already booming .
And in exchange offers to more than double its yearly imports of american products to around three point eight billion dollars if a free trade agreement is reached .
And that is precisely the point of chilean president <unk> <unk> state visit to washington this week .
As he told c. n. n. shortly before leaving for the united states .
It's never too late to start or better still it's never too early to begin .
So i'll be satisfied if we obtain a u. s. decision to start negotiations .
The u. s. treasury and state departments are eager for the negotiations to begin at once to give a boost to president bush's ideal of creating a <unk> free trade zone from alaska to <unk> del <unk> which is precisely where chile ends .
President <unk> couldn't agree more .
We could be the door by which the united states can enter into latin america at a time when the world is forming into giant economic blocks the european community asia .
I think the u. s. is interested that our area create its own commercial block .
Despite chile's impeccable credentials congress could refuse to authorize negotiations from starting right now arguing that the controversial mexican u. s. trade agreement should be resolved first before complicating matters with another latin american country .
The chileans though argue that negotiations with a country so far away from the u. s. would be far less traumatic for americans than with mexico .
The loss of jobs which seems to be a preoccupation in the u. s. will just not happen in the case of a free trade agreement with chile .
President <unk> will use all his persuasive powers during his week long visit to the u. s. to lobby chile's cause .
The chilean leader is also betting that president bush will win the next elections with a comfortable majority seen as chile's best bet for guaranteeing the signing of a free trade agreement within the next year .
