We begin with rwanda where a steady stream of atrocities on an incredible scale have has prompted the united nations to act .
The story from c. n. n.'s richard roth who joins us from the u. n. richard .
Jeanne five weeks after the massacres and all of the brutal violence in rwanda broke out the u. n. security council has taken perhaps its first considerable action after it withdrew thousands of peace keepers weeks ago .
Early this morning new york time the u. n. security council voted to authorize five thousand five hundred peace keepers to go into rwanda .
But there is a catch they will not be leaving any time soon .
Instead in a compromise more than one hundred seventy observers will act as scouts go into rwanda to assess the situation and the level of need and where the forces could better be deployed and then report back .
The u. n. security council will await a report from the secretary general before it agrees to deploy any additional forces .
There are forces from a <unk> battalion who will go back into kigali the capital .
And along with the observers that will be it from the u. n. security council .
There were harsh words inside the council chamber in consultations between the united states and other nations .
The u. s. which pays about a third of all peace keeping dues wanted to have this mission better defined as part of its new over all global peace keeping policy .
Other nations citing the level of massacres there were in favor of getting a large force in there now .
But after the compromise early this morning the council voted for the language to authorize five thousand five hundred peace keepers .
But they are not leaving immediately .
Though he voted for it new zealand's ambassador said he couldn't conceal his displeasure with this resolution saying the council shouldn't have waited any longer to send in a larger force .
The u. s. disagreed .
In our view there's no need for the council to condition its agreement by a requirement for further reports and further review .
In the next report of the secretary general on rwanda i would expect the following factors to be closely examined .
A well defined concept of operations availability of resources consent of the parties progress towards a cease fire and the duration of the mandate .
Now u. s. ambassador madeleine albright today in testimony on capitol hill in washington went a step further saying it would have been sheer folly to send in a larger force now into rwanda .
This is the type of behavior we're going to be seeing from the united states here at the security council .
Other nations are going to have to adjust to it .
Because the u. s. wants to know where the dollars are going and wants to have an exit strategy on all of these missions .
There are now eighteen such global u. n. peace keeping missions more than seventy thousand soldiers are out there .
Richard roth c. n. n. reporting live from the united nations .
There is a report out of rwanda of an atrocity that is horrifying even by the standards of a country where random killing has become an everyday occurrence .
Aid workers from kigali report that ten children and a u. n. employee were hacked to death by men with machetes .
None of the children was more than seven years old .
At the same time u. n. officials are receiving reports for the first time that rwandan rebels are involved in atrocities against civilians .
The rebels deny those allegations .
U. n. officials say more peace keeping troops could help prevent the slaughter .
One u. n. relief official told c. n. n. he believes peace keepers would be more effective in rwanda than they have been in other hot spots .
Number .
I think this is different from the bosnian situation or the <unk> situation .
We expect to put into effect an operation with the support of the warring factions and a small intervention force we have the power to take self defense against presence of groups who threaten protected sites and populations and also u. n. personnel and installations also the delivery of humanitarian assistance .
We will do this with the cooperation of both warring factions .
These have conventional forces .
We are not here to fight against them .
We are here to assist in restoring peace and stability .
So the u. n. will work with it .
C. n. n.'s gary <unk> has been monitoring the situation in rwanda from nearby refugee camps .
He said on the phone earlier today that u. n. peace keepers face an impossible task in stopping the slaughter .
Even if the u. n. force is strengthened to five and a half thousand troops in weeks to come patrolling the entire country and protecting all civilians would still be virtually impossible .
Aid workers and human rights activists say the hard line hutus in the government have created a monster by inciting genocide among the hutus and that the killing of tutsis will stop only when there are no more tutsis left to kill .
The situation for rwandans who have escaped the killing is getting more desperate as well .
