One year has passed since eight people were sealed inside a steel and glass complex in the arizona desert .
The crew of biosphere the second has had problems and some criticism but c. n. n.'s greg lamotte reports they are optimistic about year two .
The number one priority for creating biosphere the second was not for the sake of science or pushing new technology to it's <unk> reaches the goal was and still is to make money .
One year after eight people were sealed inside this planet under glass it appears to be well on it's way to accomplishing that mission .
We had one hundred fifty thousand visitors last year and this year already we are past one hundred sixty thousand so we're well on our way we believe to two hundred fifty thousand visitors this year .
At twelve dollars a piece visitors are expected to dole out about five million dollars this year touring the exterior of the structure but the big bucks are expected from the sale of various technologies that allow the closed system to recycle air water and waste .
The one hundred fifty million dollars endeavor was bankrolled by texas billionaire ed bask who hails the project as a space colony prototype .
On september twenty sixth nineteen ninety one four men and four women were sealed inside for a two year mission growing their own food and caring for plants and animals in a totally <unk> environment but year one has produced some setbacks and right now one of the greatest concerns is the oxygen level .
Outside it's about twenty one percent inside it has dropped to around sixteen percent .
Which is equivalent to the partial pressures of oxygen of people living on the tops of the highest mountains in the world and if it continues to go down much more they're going to have to open or inject some fresh fresh air or fresh oxygen to take care of that .
The crew members have lost a lot of weight as much as thirty percent of the plants crops birds animals and insects have died and after air was pumped in to replace lost air and one of the crew members was briefly released for medical treatment and returned with a duffel bag full of supplies the <unk> scientific credibility was heavily criticized .
In an effort to restore it a panel of scientists was asked to access the project .
To be fair you know when you don't truly understand science and you don't have a scientist there to make the points it's easy to make mistakes .
We're all very very hopeful that we're going to all have much more time for research in this next year because we know much more how to operate the biosphere we can do that with our left hands now .
Biosphere officials say they plan to implement the recommendations made by the scientific committee and are hopeful year two will provide fewer criticisms better science and more money .
