And now for something completely different twenty five years ago on the first sunday in october b. b. c. television broadcast the premiere of a new show with the odd title of monty <unk> flying circus a group of british <unk> who brought absurdity back in vogue .
We took an informal poll here at npr to find out what everyone's favorite python routine was .
Boy there was so many the parrot sketch the ministry of silly walks the <unk> brothers the argument clinic .
Well see if you can guess which .
Excuse me liane .
What .
What poll was this .
I mean i've been around all week and no one asked me .
Come on ned .
I said it was informal .
Gee i didn't expect the spanish inquisition .
Well nobody expects the spanish inquisition .
Our chief weapon is surprise surprise and fear fear and surprise .
Our two weapons are fear and surprise and ruthless efficiency our three weapons are fear and surprise and ruthless efficiency and an almost fanatical devotion to the pope .
Our four no .
Amongst our weaponry are such elements as fear surprise i'll come in again .
I didn't expect a kind of spanish inquisition .
Nobody expects the spanish inquisition .
Amongst our weaponry are such diverse elements as fear surprise ruthless efficiency an almost fanatical devotion to the pope and nice red uniforms oh damn .
Hah hah .
Now old woman you are accused of heresy on three counts heresy by thought heresy by word heresy by deed and heresy by action four counts .
Do you confess .
I don't understand what i'm accused of .
Hah hah hah .
Then we shall make you understand .
The cushions .
Here we are lord .
Now old lady you have one last chance confess the heinous sin of heresy reject the works of you've got two last chances and you shall be free three last chances you have three last chances the nature of which i have divulged in my previous utterance .
I don't know what you're talking about .
All right if that's the way you want it cardinal poke her with the soft cushions .
Hah hah .
Confess .
John <unk> graham chapman eric idle michael <unk> terry jones and terry <unk> the six members of monty <unk> flying circus .
Their first television show was broadcast twenty five years ago .
