The health of rwandan refugees in camps in zaire continues to deteriorate despite stepped up international relief efforts .
To help slow the spread of the disease relief officials opened four new camps today around the border town of goma .
C. n. n. correspondent christiane amanpour is in goma and joins us now with the latest .
Good morning christiane .
Good morning bob .
Indeed relief officials are trying to set up more cholera camps so to speak in the town of goma to deal with the people who have the disease and they say that there is a lot now the highest intensity of cholera is coming down into this town .
Now there are increasing numbers of people trying to escape the squalor and the appalling conditions here in zaire trying to go back to rwanda .
We've seen over the past few days several thousand according to the u. n. h. c. r. some forty five thousand have already gone back .
And today for the first time you're seeing the weakest begin to drop by the road .
The medical authorities and aide workers say they're going to allow these people to walk to <unk> in rwanda which is about sixty kilometers from the border as a sort of a de facto <unk> kind of cholera quarantine if you like .
They reckon that the people who are fit enough to reach <unk> will be those who don't have cholera and they just cannot cope with everybody who does have the disease and they're trying to prevent it from getting into rwanda .
So this is how they're going to do it .
Once they do get to this town <unk> sixty kilometers inside then the aide officials will set up trucks and people already are starting to scramble onto these trucks fighting for space to get on into parts further inside rwanda .
As for back here in goma and around here where the refugees are still in the camps more than a million or so the conditions are appalling .
Fresh water is being pumped by the water purification plants but it can't get out fast enough .
There aren't enough tanker trucks and vehicles to take this water to the camps .
An urgent appeal has gone out for more of these .
Food is beginning to come in at a at a good rate from both from the airport the airlift and from the land bridge but still once it gets to the camps it's very difficult to distribute .
So there are still a lot of problems in trying to keep this more than one million population of refugees fed cleaned and healthy and the aide officials say they are nowhere close yet to waging this battle successfully bob .
Christiane is there enough water purification machinery there once it gets up to speed to handle the needs of the camp and any idea how long it'll take them to get it up to speed .
Well the officials say they have significant numbers of water purification plants here .
There are u. s. military ones also u. s. civilian ones one came in from san francisco also others that have already been set up .
They are already pumping tens of thousands of gallons of clean water per day .
They need as we've been saying a minimum of a one and a half million gallons and they think they can keep doubling their output every day .
But the problem is getting it from the points which is about five kilometers down the road to the camps which are all the way up into sixty kilometers down the road .
So that's the problem .
And they've sent out an urgent appeal .
Indeed the u. s. military folk who are pumping their stations yesterday called for more u. s. assets including u. s. tanker trucks to take these take this clean water out to the people .
But they're also appealing for trucks from relatively nearby countries in europe .
Is that not so too .
I believe so .
They want it from wherever it can come from .
