Finally from us this evening a woman who knew how to spend her money .
When <unk> ryan died over the weekend she died a very rich woman .
In nineteen eighty eight she had won the lottery .
Ms. ryan had said she did not want the <unk> to change her life and she certainly made sure it helped to change the lives of others .
Here's a. b. c.'s mike von fremd .
When <unk> ryan flew to tallahassee six years ago to collect her prize she announced to the world that she was enjoying three firsts .
I've never been in a plane before .
This is my first press conference .
And number three this is the first time i've ever won fifty five million dollars .
She spent the rest of her life doing two things giving her money away and protecting her privacy .
At the age of sixty two the real estate agent had lived alone in this trailer park .
After she won she moved to a better house with her two cats .
One of the first charities to benefit from her good fortune was the university of central florida's animal rights group to find homes for stray cats .
That was just the beginning .
She was deluged with requests for money and she had an interesting way of screening them .
I learned later that she was watching the interview and listening through a one way mirror .
And when she had realized that this was a worthy project a worthy program i believe is when she decided to come out and introduce herself .
<unk> ryan gave don <unk> a van to repair homes for the poor .
She also gave money to help children in need of medical help through the compassion childrens foundation .
<unk> ryan never wanted any publicity from the charities she helped .
She was an intensely private person .
She had no children she declined to say whether she had ever been married .
One of the few interviews she ever granted was to students from nearby <unk> high school where she established a scholarship .
One thing that always amazed the students about <unk> ryan was the fact that the most important thing about winning the money to her was the fact that she could give it away .
Her estate will receive another thirty nine million dollars from the florida lottery .
She left behind a charitable foundation to see that it gets to the people who need it most .
Mike von fremd a. b. c. news orlando .
That's our report on world news tonight .
Later on nightline baseball in black and white .
I'm peter jennings .
