It's an age old argument over age just who should pick up the tab for the health costs of getting old .
A consumer group concludes that unless you're rich you probably can't afford private nursing home insurance so the group is calling for the government to foot the bill .
But opponents charge that working people are paying too much to prop up the retired as it is .
C. n. n.'s david french looks at the arguments .
Homer <unk> of baltimore is seventy one and retiring from his sales job at sears .
As he feeds the birds outside his home he sometimes feels <unk> to death by nagging decisions about how to afford the future especially long term health care .
At lunch with his wife his sister and her fiance it's all they talk about .
The health care financing administration says long term care costs sixty six billion dollars a year now but is expected to more than double by the end of this decade .
The elderly lobby families u. s. a. says long term care insurance is now beyond most americans aged fifty five to seventy nine .
For today's elderly and for tomorrow's elderly long term care insurance will not make nursing home care affordable .
Either you can't afford the premiums or you can't afford the co payments .
<unk> group says that because so many face financial ruin when they enter a nursing home the government should step in deeper .
We need a much larger solution akin to the expansion of medicare or a program like social security to make nursing home care affordable .
Congress has gridlocked on a solution coming closest with a plan expanding medicaid to cover in home long term care .
It's expected to be revived again this year .
But programs such as that and the one proposed by families u. s. a. draw criticism from people like paul hewitt of the national taxpayer's union .
We have these programs where we're taxing hamburger <unk> to pay the golf fees of retired doctors in boca raton .
These people can afford their own long term care insurance and we shouldn't cry tears over their plight .
Elmer <unk> hopes washington gets it right .
President clinton's health care reform plan is due on congress' doorstep in may .
I've had at least an objective for my grandchildren and my children to be able to help them along and i can see that that's not always going to be possible and so there's this feeling of frustration of sort of helplessness that i can't .
There are things that i can't do to change the situation .
