This is weekend edition .
I'm liane hansen .
I'm ringo and i play the drums .
I'm paul and i play the bass .
I'm george and i play a guitar .
I'm john and i too play a guitar .
Sometimes i play the fool .
You could call it the second british invasion .
The beatles live at the b. b. c. was released to american audiences this past week .
The collection contains fifty six songs from the fab four .
Most were performed live for british listeners thirty were never recorded in a studio .
Joining us to talk about the release is weekend edition edition popular culture commentator steven stark .
Hi steven .
Good morning liane .
Why is this collection being released now .
Well there look there's always been a lot of interest in the beatles but i think you're right there is a spike of interest right now .
We had the movie back beat earlier in the year about their experiences in <unk> the c. d. rom of a hard day's night came out earlier .
We've got this great documentary supposedly about the beatles coming out next year the long and winding road .
It may simply be because we're coming up on the twenty fifth anniversary of the group's break up and these things tend to run in cycles and it's a key anniversary of that .
What do you think it is about the beatles that makes their music so enduring .
Well i think their themes endure .
They're obviously a very tight band .
One of the important things i think we often forget is what great songwriters they were some of the great songwriters really of the twentieth century .
Also beyond that they did so many different styles of music .
There was a british critic who once said in the sixties they were ready to try any style known to man and by that he meant they would try country and western music they would bring in the <unk> they brought in the london symphony orchestra to do all you need is love .
They beach boy like songs on the white album with back in the u. s. s. r. and that very diversity i think gave their music a lot of permanence .
Now it's just not their music .
There's a legend that surrounds them .
What is it about that that's lasted .
Well i think they were one of the key figures of the sixties and obviously one of the debates now in the culture which is central you even see it with newt gingrich's attacks on bill clinton is what is the meaning of the sixties .
What is the meaning of the counterculture .
George martin their record producer once said they were of their time and that time clearly was the decade of the counterculture .
Jeff greenfield an a. b. c. news commentator wrote an article on the beatles in the early seventies where he said they changed the music which changed the culture which changed us .
So to understand all these things you need to really understand the beatles .
I know you're not a music critic but what's your opinion of the collection .
Make it or break it .
I think it makes it .
Obviously it's of a lot more interest to beatle fanatics and to beatle fans who get a really better understanding of what made the group tick .
For those people just being introduced to the beatles though they're probably going to be more interested in the studio albums .
It's like reading the notebooks of a famous novelist .
Unless you've read the great <unk> by fitzgerald it's not going to do you much good to read his notebook entries on it but it gives us a much better understanding of where they came from and how they developed the tightness that they did as a band .
Steven stark comments on popular culture for weekend edition .
Thanks a lot steven .
