The image of officer durant as a captive and the deaths of twenty three u. s. soldiers in somalia since early may have some congressional leaders questioning the u. s. role in united nations peacekeeping missions .
Kathleen koch reports some in washington want the u. s. out of the world's political hotspots .
These are the images that now come to mind when americans and american politicians think united nations peacekeeping <unk> that's why lawmakers in both parties are now wary of sending u. s. troops to bosnia or haiti .
The first of some six hundred american soldiers arrived in haiti wednesday .
They'll join a one thousand six hundred troop u. n. mission to restore democracy in the island nation that has been riddled with violence .
The u. n. clearly has not had the ability to carry out its responsibilities in somalia .
That means we have to be skeptical of any future involvement with the united nations in haiti or any other place in the world .
The american people are not prepared to go to places like this or bosnia or frankly even haiti which i'm concerned about and be the instrument of these nation building political reconciliation efforts .
The senate's top republican says the president's new somalia policy could scuttle the idea of ever adding u. s. forces to the u. n. contingent in bosnia .
My view is that this probably <unk> any u. s. participation in bosnia unless the president makes a case that i haven't heard yet .
And we ought to bring what few people we have in haiti back home and not send any more .
But the secretary of state insists there are clear american interests in haiti .
First if the haiti matter is not resolved we're likely to have a flood of immigration creating a very serious problem in this country .
Second the haiti situation presents a case of wanting to restore democracy in a country only an hour away from the united states .
So we have very important interests to carry out there .
And defense secretary les aspin promises the soldiers in haiti mostly engineers and trainers won't be vulnerable and will be properly armed .
They are armed in a way that will that they will be able to protect their own lives and their own safety .
But such administration assurances won't likely silence congressional calls for an overall review of u. s. peacekeeping policy that would affect some seventy three thousand american troops worldwide .
