Welcome back .
On income tax day two senior clinton officials suggested the way to finance health care might be a national sales tax the vat or value added tax but other top administration officials downplayed the likelihood of a vat .
I think someone was candid and said that's one of the many options that is being considered .
Are the working groups have they examined the possibility of a vat .
Yes they have .
Has it been presented to the president has he made a decision .
No he has not .
Reaction on capitol hill was not enthusiastic .
When you talk about value added or sales taxes you're hurting the poor people and that i think is what democrats are more concerned with than anything else .
At the same time the president's proposed compromise of his economic stimulus was rejected by the senate republican leader .
It couldn't be worse timing .
We're trying to the president trying to tell everybody we need this stimulus package and then somebody drops a new tax idea out there that's got to scare a lot of taxpayers who are already frightened because of the other big tax package .
Mark why is bill clinton floating a value added tax right now .
Al <unk> entertainment .
I don't know .
I don't know why he's doing it .
Sure there's a couple of obvious reasons one you turn it on it's a spigot full of money .
It just produces a great amount of money one hundred seven billion dollars one estimate the congressional budget office came up with .
Even if you exempted food and other necessities you're talking about half fifty billion dollars just about the price at least a good part of the price you need for a national health plan .
Al danny rostenkowski the chairman of the ways and means committee is absolutely right .
It's a tax that hits not on a fair basis it hits the bottom the poorest fifth of americans .
It's going to take five point four percent of their income .
The top fifth sitting over here to my immediate right it would take less than one percent of his income .
I think for any tax to work especially if it's a democratic tax it's such a major change there has to be a sense of fairness and that's missing .
I think you were talking about your far right mr. novak .
My far right excuse me .
Bob i would think if mark's right i would think you would love this tax .
You love taxes for the poor rather than wealthy people .
It is .
And also if it will replace capital gains taxes and corporate taxes would you like it .
It's a terrible tax and it's not going to replace the income tax and corporate gain tax .
We have an eminent member of the ways and means committee .
It's not going to happen .
The trouble with the people in the national association of manufacturers is they're unrealistic .
They think this is going to get them off the hook from paying taxes and it's not .
The big industrial american industries also think that it's going to be a help for exports it isn't .
What it's really going to do it's going if it came in it would really hurt entrepreneurial development .
It isn't so bad on poor people as it is for people trying to make a living because with an entrepreneurial firm because every stage of the process of a product now gets taxed .
This is just a terrible idea and it was donna shalala who doesn't know anything about washington alice rivlin the deputy director of the bureau of the budget bureau who should know something about washington they just see all those greenbacks and got <unk> .
Sandy i think it was like when they floated the cola you know we're going to clamp down on cola's during the budget process .
I think it was put out there so what they do come up with what they actually do come up with will look more reasonable .
I'm not sure it was a deliberate trial balloon .
A few members of the administration said they thought it was being considered .
It's one of numerous options .
Here's the dilemma in a word .
The clintons are leading an effort for health reform .
We need it in this country we need it badly .
We have thirty seven million uninsured .
In order to contain costs in an effective way it's better to get everybody in but if you have cost containment it's not going to work quickly enough so you recapture from the savings enough to spread insurance to all the uninsured .
So you have to look for additional resources that in my own view i think this proposal will not survive .
Al gore said he didn't think it would happen .
I think there's not only a question of fairness there's the question of whether you can add a very substantial additional tax at this point even for as good a cause as health care and i think the answer is you can't do it .
The emphasis is going to have to be on cost containment .
So to paraphrase mark that's dead .
That's right .
Mona bob dole rejected the stimulus thing .
Bill clinton is up in pennsylvania trying to put pressure on people like arlen specter .
Will that pressure work on any of those moderate republicans for his economic package .
No no i don't think so .
I think that bill clinton has succeeded in uniting the republicans to a remarkable extent and reminding them of what it is that they oppose .
Bill clinton by proposing this vat at least floating it has shown that he believes the trouble with america is that americans have too much money in their pockets and that the government needs to take more of it in the form of b. t. u. taxes income taxes and now even sales taxes which is what a vat is a national sales tax .
They are <unk> by a large degree the amount of patience the american people have with this and it could be a political killer .
It's not the president's proposal .
Two people said it's being considered by a five hundred person task force .
Well he's backing away from it now right .
He didn't propose it .
Sandy i'll give you that no doubt of that but boy the last week or two this guy bill clinton who was magical just three weeks ago looks like he's kind of bumbling looks like he's kind of bumbling in the stimulus package .
This whole thing hasn't been handled right .
Is the magic gone .
I don't think the magic is gone .
I think it's hard work to get things done in this country .
People wanted change .
My guess is there will be a stimulus package .
I think people realize we need to stimulate jobs in this country and we need to try to do it right away right away .
I'll tell you what the problem sandy is with your president and that's why he's .
He's yours too .
The trouble with al doesn't understand what it is but i'll tell you what the problem is .
He really believes that all the growth that you need in this country can be generated by the government you can do it by spending by putting these silly make work programs out there and to do that you have to tax and tax and tax and tax .
The stimulus package goes to the private sector like construction jobs .
Let's let .
The private sector .
Which don't come on line for two years .
The criticism .
Mark i don't think that's accurate but .
No it isn't accurate .
But what's happened to this guy is what's happened to clinton's laser beam approach to the economy .
It's gotten distracted .
It's been off .
There was a beam in his eye .
I don't know .
Let's get this straight al .
Let's get this straight from brother novak .
I mean the criticism of bill clinton during the campaign was he was too close to the big business interests .
Did i say that .
Did i ever say that .
When did you ever .
In arkansas the chicken .
Hear me say that .
Pro business democrat .
Let's say one thing he gets back on message and he better do it in a hurry he'll prevail .
