Having a couple of alcoholic drinks each day can make up less prone to heart disease .
That is something scientists have known for years .
But now a new study helps explain why .
C. n. n.'s elizabeth schwartz has the story .
What does a bloody mary have in common with this medicine .
According to a new study both the drug and the drink boost the amount of an enzyme that helps break down the blood clots that can lead to heart disease .
Those individuals who are drinking more seem to be producing more of this potentially protective enzyme .
Doctors give the drug in massive amounts after someone's had a heart attack .
But the study shows that moderate drinking could help prevent heart disease .
The harvard medicine school report published in this week's journal of the american medical association looked at six hundred thirty one male physicians .
The ones who drank two or more drinks a day had a higher level of the protective enzyme than those who drank one to six drinks a week or one to three drinks a month of who rarely or never drank .
So does this mean the more you drink the healthier you'll be .
Not on your life .
Two drinks a day seems to work just fine .
What looks clear is that the more you drink things don't get better .
This is a clear issue of moderation is the way to go here .
In fact years of excessive drinking can cause heart disease .
All in all some one hundred thousand deaths in the united states are attributed to alcohol from diseases like cirrhosis of the liver to car accidents .
Doctors say the next step is to develop a pill that would have all the good affects of alcohol without any of the bad affects .
And while that may not seem like as much fund as having a few drinks it could be a lot safer .
Byron williams a cardiologist in atlanta says he's waiting for just that kind of medicine .
For now he recommends moderate drinking only after checking a patient's family and personal history of alcoholism .
Hopefully we will be able to have a benign form of alcohol if you will and we'll know exactly what the right dose is and be able to prescribe that for the patient .
In the meantime it seems there's nothing wrong with a bit of bottoms up .
But there's no reason to make an all night party out of it .
