Nearly half a century after d. day the wounds of war still run deep for one french family .
The family members are hoping for a reunion that will reconcile them to that painful day and help them make peace with the american soldier who has haunted them ever since .
C. n. n.'s richard blystone has the story .
Fifty years they kept it bottled up .
Now the <unk> family want to get it out and over to find the american soldier who killed their baby and tell him it's all right .
He couldn't have known it was a family huddled here in a trench behind the farmhouse .
Fate says bernard <unk> is like that .
No point in casting blame .
C'est la <unk> that's war .
War for the hamlet of <unk> le roche began with the drone of bombers .
Distant thunder from the normandy beaches .
But soon the allies were driving toward the port of cherbourg .
Early on the morning of june eighteenth nineteen forty four the peace of this rolling countryside was blown apart by gunfire and the <unk> family found themselves on the front line of the allied invasion of normandy .
They had been in their trench all day .
Bernard his wife <unk> eight year old <unk> maurice age six and guy age one .
Deafening gunfire from the americans in the field to the left from the germans in the orchard to the right .
Then bullets raked the trench .
One hit bernard <unk> another wounded his wife .
And three tore the baby from her knee .
The other children bear their scars inside .
I remember being amazed i wasn't wounded and i wondered how it was possible there was blood everywhere .
Her father went out waving a white cloth to beg them to stop .
Then they saw the american .
He made gestures with his hands and he looked devastated .
The shooting paused the soldier gave them powder for the wounds and they fled to the house with their dying baby .
<unk> had another boy and named him also guy .
He grew up in peace but haunted by that day of war and the soldier whose life was bound up with theirs who may have lived fifty years with remorse .
As time passed they regretted more they had never tried to fill the gap in their family history .
They searched their memories drew diagrams wrote letters .
Learned he was maybe from new york maybe from the second battalion of the forty seventh regiment of the u. s. ninth division .
Maybe it's already too late maybe he never even made it home .
They know that .
We would go and put flowers on his grave .
But maybe he'll come back for the fiftieth anniversary .
That says guy would be amazing .
And then i could say the chapter has ended .
At eighty three bernard <unk> wants to waste no time for the chapter is closing on him as well .
