Well in washington today president clinton reversed a reversal today denying he has given up on universal coverage as a cornerstone of health care reform .
Yesterday's comment that a plan covering ninety five percent of americans might be acceptable today prompted massive white house spin control both to calm fears outside of washington and most certainly on capitol hill .
My goal is universal coverage .
It is the only goal that works for ordinary americans .
I have always said from the time i presented my bill that i was flexible on how to get universal coverage and would be willing to compromise on that .
I was encouraged that the senate minority leader said yesterday that he was willing to work every day in august september and october if necessary to get a good health care bill .
Well among others at the white house today running damage control saying universal coverage remains a goal the first lady vice president gore treasury secretary lloyd bentsen .
Coming up next here on moneyline our moneyline investigative series on the massive problem and soaring costs of illegal aliens .
The u. s. government apparently powerless to stop the flood of aliens because of disarray and neglect .
We'll have our moneyline exclusive report for you next .
Stay with us .
Human cargo transported by criminals delivered at a cost of billions of dollars to the american economy .
In our moneyline investigative report america under siege the chinese slave trade we told you last night of the organized crime networks that are swamping u. s. borders with illegal aliens .
Tonight we take a look at the root of the problem why illegals of all nationalities are continually allowed to cross u. s. borders and why the agency charged with enforcing the nation's immigration laws is in disarray and in fact demoralized .
Casey wian joins me now from los angeles with the report .
Casey .
Lou this month three mexican immigration service officials were charged with taking bribes from immigrant smugglers .
They're accused of providing safe passage for mexican chinese and other illegal aliens sneaking into the united states .
Corrupt government officials from other nations are a big problem for the u. s. immigration service .
But the i. n. s. is often its own worst enemy .
One hundred and ten illegal aliens apprehended by the united states immigration and naturalization service at a <unk> in phoenix .
A victory .
Hardly .
The i. n. s. let sixty go because of a lack of detention space .
The i. n. s. has a staff of more than nine thousand and it spends three quarters of a billion dollars a year enforcing the nation's immigration laws .
The agency says no matter how much it spends tougher criminal penalties are needed to combat immigrant smuggling .
But c. n. n. has uncovered evidence that mismanagement turf wars and even fraud within the i. n. s. itself are making <unk> jobs a lot easier .
We spend a lot of time fighting amongst ourselves instead of fighting the people that are responsible for committing the crimes in the united states .
One could also say that we're <unk> .
We're being asked to be too many things simultaneously and perhaps not doing any of them as well as we should .
That's an understatement according to two phoenix based i. n. s. agents who spoke to us on condition they be disguised .
Both say it's common practice for agents to put in for overtime they don't work .
I would say an hour here an hour there yes .
And what do the supervisors say about that .
Do they know it's happening and do they do anything about it .
No the supervisors don't question it .
They are aware of it like i am but they don't question it .
This has been an unwritten rule at the i. n. s. for years .
It's been a joke .
As a matter of fact one of the supervisors walked around many times telling what a good job we have and the overtime it's always been <unk> in .
Not every officer does it but many do .
Their supervisor told c. n. n. he would welcome an review of how overtime is administered in his office .
Most agree morale within the agency is at all time low .
We're not doing a good job .
We could be like i say the guys are frustrated .
You know they're and most of them have taken the attitude that you know if you want to enforce the immigration laws you come get me .
I'm ready .
But until then i'm not going to fight you .
And why fight .
Even aliens and smugglers are caught they often go free .
That happened one recent friday night near phoenix .
Arizona law enforcement officers stopped a bus loaded with forty six illegal aliens on their way from mexico to atlanta .
The officers called the i. n. s. to ask what to do with the aliens .
An i. n. s. agent told the officers take their picture and let them go .
The assistant director of the phoenix i. n. s. office says the aliens were released because there were not enough agents available late on a friday night to process them .
He also says there wasn't enough local detention space .
The i. n. s. admits the agent who ordered the aliens released possibly didn't make the best decision but it's a decision that's made over and over .
Right now we're living under a sort of chaotic ill defined badly enforced badly enforceable system .
A system that's allowed the business of chinese alien smuggling to grow almost unchecked .
I know that here in the field we're extremely frustrated because we know that the organizations and networks that are responsible for this are going unscathed .
One reason they're going unscathed the i. n. s. is in its third year of reorganization .
Field office supervisors say top management is more concerned with providing immigrant services than fighting immigrant smuggling .
The official accountable to the american public i. n. s. commissioner doris meisner twice refused our request for an interview .
There are a lot of i. n. s. agents who truly are capable of doing their job who want to do their job and when they try to do it and they try to do it and they try to react to these policies in a very vocal way they are transferred they are squashed .
They are in effect they become a pariah within their own agency .
Former hong kong based agent jerry <unk> won't say it but others he was transferred to honduras because of just that .
I have had access to files in hong kong that we've had on the same smugglers for twenty some odd years .
We know who they are we know where they are we know what they're doing .
The problem is coordinating the effort to get them .
And where to put them .
Detention facilities for aliens are overcrowded .
Because of those limited resources u. s. policy on alien smuggling is being dictated by money .
Undercover investigations in the united states that could penetrate chinese smuggling rings are discouraged in favor of intercepting vessels at sea .
In the long run that is the cheapest resolution of the problem from the perspective of the united states taxpayer .
But it's not the best way to catch criminals .
The coast guard intercepted this vessel near san diego .
Guatemala which has become a <unk> of chinese alien smuggling activity agreed to accept the ship and help deport its human cargo .
I. n. s. investigators wanted to arrest the <unk> officers because aliens on board were tortured .
It's for electric shock .
They're identified as <unk> <unk> .
Each alien was given a ten to twelve ounce bottle of water every four days .
If he took more than a ten ounce bottle of water he was shocked and beaten with these and with pipes .
We obtained twenty statements good witness statements identifying six individuals including the captain of making threats and participating in the beatings and torture that while on board the vessel .
I imagine you've got the captain in custody now right .
No we don't .
Why not .
He was sent back to taiwan .
I. n. s. officers are angry the state department let the captain go .
I made the decision that we ought to send the captain and the crew back to taiwan with full support from the justice department .
One of the fundamental reasons for that is that we want the taiwanese government to take responsibility for alien smuggling sponsored by their citizens .
Meanwhile chinese aliens are massing in huge numbers worldwide waiting to be smuggled to the united states .
<unk> says twenty thousand are in prague .
In moscow another sixty thousand .
For alien smugglers there's no hurry .
They know the united states has neither the ability nor the political will to stop them .
A commission headed by former texas congresswoman barbara jordan is now working on immigration reform .
Its first set of recommendations to congress is due out in september .
But commission sources say it's not likely to offer proposals on alien smuggling until next year so any i. n. s. reforms in that area probably won't happen before then .
Lou .
Casey a fascinating report on a terrible problem as you've highlighted .
I know that you've received any been inundated by faxes and phone calls from those saying they're representing the chinese american community protesting our coverage .
Do you find that surprising .
Yes i did find it a little surprising .
The protests that we got seemed to say that we were singling out the chinese as being the only ones who were contributing to this problem of illegal aliens coming into the united states .
That was not of course our intent and as we just pointed out illegal aliens from central america and other countries also continue to pour into the united states .
It's just that chinese ties to organized crime are a particularly difficult problem for u. s. immigration officials .
And while i've received quite a few of those faxes and phone calls i was struck by the fact that they were concerned obviously about racist implications for chinese americans in particular but not one of those faxes one of those phone calls expressed any concern about those chinese citizens being smuggled into this country illegally ending up in prostitution being tortured as you reported and ending up in <unk> servitude .
Casey thank you very much .
You're welcome .
Outstanding report .
Coming up next on moneyline we'll tell which high tech stock plunged more than twenty percent in value and we'll tell you why and we'll tell you what happened to the overall market .
Not a pretty picture it took a dive of its own courtesy alan greenspan .
All of that and more still ahead .
