The lure of quick money draws millions of tourists to las vegas but it also draws the criminal element including robbers who prey on casinos .
Now police have a new weapon in their war against the casino bandits .
The story from c. n. n.'s robert vito .
This take over robbery may look real but it's not .
It is a segment of a just completed police training tape in which all the actors are cops .
This take over robbery of a las vegas robbery is the real thing .
It's one of eight casino <unk> in the city in the past eighteen months .
Before nineteen ninety two robberies like this were more rare than a one hundred million dollar <unk> winner .
Officials worry about visitors getting hurt or killed during a take over .
They know that would drive away tourism and devastate the economy of the city .
Our concern is let's stop it before that does happen .
A number of steps have been taken to make casinos more robbery proof .
Indeed law enforcement agencies and casino officials in meetings like this are working hand in hand to make casinos an <unk> place for bandits .
Watch for the unusual and do what you think you ought to do .
We rode along the vegas strip with veteran f. b. i. agent burt smith .
He says los angeles gangs figure into the casino robbery problem but they're not the total problem .
More likely it seems two or three or four or sometimes just one guy decides he needs some money he wants it now and this is what he's going to do .
Three men accused of taking part in this las vegas <unk> have been indicted on federal charges of interfering with commerce by violence .
Smith says charging them with federal crimes is a way of sending a message to other would be casino robbers .
Do the crime do the time and no early parole .
You're going to be our guest for twenty or thirty years .
Most of the robbers allegedly involved in these <unk> have been arrested and are awaiting trial .
Essentially it's our plan against theirs and so far our plan has been better .
And smith says the odds are growing in favor of law enforcement .
