When saddam hussein's troops are on the move in iraq our troops are on the move as well .
Trying to keep you abreast of this development we've called on our military analyst former air force general perry smith whose joining us from augusta georgia .
General smith how did you assess the troop movements .
What's key here .
What should we be watching for .
Well i think we've got to be watching very carefully for the two divisions that are being loaded up in the area around baghdad to see which way they're headed and if they're headed for kuwait then there's quite a bit of concern .
Now let me be clear .
Are these two divisions in addition to what we had been hearing .
Or are these the same two divisions .
Tom i'm not sure what you've been doing because i've been doing other things but basically what we have is a situation where there's a lot of loading up of equipment and units and the real question is where they're headed and are they headed toward the kuwaiti border .
In the meantime the u. s. military has got their intelligence assets cranked up .
They've moved some satellites around .
They've got four contingency plans they're looking at and they're beginning to make decisions related to moving forces .
General <unk> as he left here suggested it's been a clear day over the persian gulf and the u. s. would have a good intelligence picture of just what the iraqis might be moving .
Give us a sense of how that plays .
Yes the intelligence assets over there of course have been good since the gulf war .
And of course they're flying regular missions over northern iraq and down in the southern region .
There are lots of airplanes in <unk> in turkey and quite a few in saudi arabia .
So the u. s. presence is good over there .
They have f. fifteens f. sixteens awacs tanker aircraft or reconnaissance airplanes and all that .
But the big thing we've gotta watch for now is whether there's gonna be additional movement of u. s. forces into the area .
And we'll have to watch that closely over the next few hours .
Wolf blitzer was reporting that the carrier eisenhower i believe it was was moving from the adriatic .
That would be a couple of days time to get it down into the persian gulf area .
Yes it's the carrier george washington .
It's off the boot of italy and it would take a total of about four days to get it down through the med down through the red sea and into the area of the persian gulf .
There is a marine ship in the gulf the tripoli and of course the guam is another marine ship in the mediterranean .
And so those ships in the med take three to four days to get down there .
From time to time saddam hussein has had to move his own troops essentially against his own troops to maintain control of the iraqi army .
Now if i'm correct i was hearing some reports of possible subversion .
Could he be using these troops to maintain control against his other forces .
He could be .
And of course that's what the intelligence people are looking at very carefully in the pentagon right now and in the region in the command down in <unk> and that is which troops are moving which direction they're moving .
Are they moving in the direction toward kuwait or is it an internal problem that saddam hussein has with his own troops .
And i think it's unclear now at this point exactly what's happening .
All right perry smith c. n. n.'s military analyst joining us from augusta georgia retired air force general who keeps <unk> on things for us .
