What is often difficult for many americans to understand is how the u. s. military with all its advanced weaponry and seemingly highly trained soldiers can be denied victory by what on the surface looks like a rag tag army .
As our pentagon correspondent bob zelnick reports it is complicated .
The tanks and armored personnel carriers loaded for the flight to somalia are meant to come quickly to the rescue of any troops under attack in any part of mogadishu day or night .
We're not trying to increase the force in any large way at this point .
We're just responding to an immediate need .
That response comes too late for the forces attacked over the weekend by general aidid's militiamen .
It took more than nine hours for relief forces to fight their way to the scene .
That's because the lightly armed u. s. quick reaction troops were blocked by heavy fire and had to wait for allied tank reinforcements .
Senior military officials have told a. b. c. news that a request for armored equipment early last month was sidetracked because the pentagon did not want to be seen to be building up u. s. forces in the country .
The armored equipment is necessary partly because helicopters are proving easy targets for guerrillas who are now using converted artillery guns and rocket propelled grenades against them .
Privately u. s. officials paint an increasingly bleak picture of security in south mogadishu .
Much of the area is either controlled by aidid's gunmen or bitterly contested .
They say that aidid also controls a large triangular area of central somalia from where he is able to secure steady reinforcements of troops and weapons .
Increasingly military leaders say that restoring security in mogadishu could require a commitment far beyond what public opinion would support .
Privately many hope for a political deal with aidid's clan rather than escalating the fighting .
Bob zelnick a. b. c. news at the pentagon .
Still in washington president clinton's choice for chairman of the joint chiefs of staff is closer to confirmation .
The senate armed services committee has voted unanimously in favor of army general john shalikashvili and the full senate is expected to concur .
The foreign minister of syria farouk al <unk> was in washington today .
That's not him that's warren christopher the secretary of state .
That's mr. <unk> .
They were there to meet .
Mr. al <unk> is the highest level syrian official to be received at the state department since nineteen seventy five .
Syria is still on the state department's list of nations that sponsor terrorism but the united states is very interested in having syria and israel reach a peace agreement .
The chinese government today defied much of the world and exploded a nuclear device underground .
An international moratorium on nuclear testing has been in place for more than a year .
President clinton put his finger on the dilemma .
If other nations do not abide by the moratorium he said the u. s. may have to resume testing as well .
In a moment mr. yeltsin .
He moves to consolidate his power in russia .
