Today on the international hour we begin a special weekly segment a world of difference focusing on the u. s. presidential candidates and how they feel the u. s. should fit into a changing world .
We begin with china a billion people an emerging trading power house and arms exporter .
Today the u. s. senate upheld president bush's veto of a bill that would have imposed conditions on the renewal of china's trading status with the united states .
The white house and congress have long been at odds over china policy .
It's an issue also that reveals sharp contrasts between george bush and bill clinton .
World affairs correspondent ralph begleiter reports .
The flames and tanks of china's tiananmen square massacre and the setback for china's pro democracy movement are still reflected in the u. s. presidential election campaign .
When china cracked down on pro democracy demonstrators exported advanced weapons to radical regimes and suppressed tibet this administration and its president failed to stand up for our values .
Instead he sent secret <unk> to china signaling that we would do business as usual with those who murdered freedom in tiananmen square .
Bush who was once u. s. envoy to beijing has personally steered u. s. policy toward china sending high level aides to beijing after tiananmen square selling space satellites to china and refusing to cut off or limit favorable trade tariffs .
It is right to export the ideals of freedom and democracy to china .
It is wrong to isolate china if we hope to influence china .
The real point is to pursue a policy that has the best chance of changing chinese behavior .
Bush argues that some continuing sanctions coupled with his policy of staying engaged have moved china to cooperate with the u. s. china didn't use its u. n. veto to block last year's war against saddam hussein .
China has promised to limit exports of products made by prison labor and has promised to stop pirating u. s. computer software and other intellectual property .
China has promised to limit sales of ballistic missiles around the world .
But clinton indicates he would use the carrots and sticks of the u. s. market to pressure china on human rights .
Clinton backs legislation linking favorable tariffs to china's human rights record .
Democrats in congress have repeatedly failed to override bush's veto of that .
Clinton says china still abuses pro democracy advocates still sells nuclear and weapons technology to north korea syria and iran and still imposes repressive rule on tibet .
President bush's approach to china has been similar to the reagan administration's handling of racist south africa keep working with them to change their policies .
Mr. clinton's approach leans toward a tougher line like the economic isolation which ultimately pushed south africa toward change .
