Perot introduced james stockdale as his running mate .
The retired vice admiral who spent nearly eight years as a prisoner of war in vietnam says they've been friends since perot worked to improve the conditions for all vietnam p. o. w.'s .
C. n. n.'s greg lefevre tells us more about him .
James bond stockdale a certified american hero wants to help ross perot save his country from the government that now leads it .
It's my honor to be my old friend ross perot's running mate in this great effort to give the american people an independent way to go .
I have a personal reputation for being independent in outlook and manner so this role gives me added satisfaction .
Then a naval commander james stockdale led the first u. s. bombing mission on north vietnam in nineteen sixty four .
Shot down the next year the highest ranking officer captured by the north his torture and eight year captivity were dramatized in an nineteen eighty seven t. v. movie .
His release came after years of pressure from his wife's national organization that highlighted prison atrocities .
Whenever they're ready to recognize north vietnam i offer no objection to it .
So i'm not i don't carry a lot of emotional baggage on that .
Stockdale later headed the naval war college then the citadel in south carolina before returning to stanford as a senior fellow at the hoover institution .
Stockdale always considered himself a washington outsider that is until perot announced .
Now he's taken the lid off that and he says i'm going back there and clean out the barn .
Last march perot asked stockdale to stand in as vice presidential candidate because two names are needed to get on state ballots .
Perot dropped out during the summer and his resurrection today <unk> him from changing running mates .
So when i heard him say that on the television show we sent him a telegram and said we'll get our shovels and come with you ross .
Anxious to run the gauntlet of journalists he bats back questions that may wither other candidates .
Have you had an affair .
Number .
Have you smoked marijuana .
Number .
Do those questions offend you .
Number .
He seems to enjoy it .
Married forty five years the <unk> find themselves in the middle of a phenomenon .
People like grassroots movement .
I think they're tired of the slick and the shiny and polished .
I think they like people like to do things themselves .
Their devotion to perot is undying .
When you hear ross say he's going to do something you know that he is either going to do it or bust a gut trying .
And that's what he did .
That was and he never stopped trying for the p. o. w.'s .
<unk> life and career are certainly the stuff of hollywood movies .
Even his favorite quotation is heroic a life not tested is not worth living .
And his life has certainly been tested .
