Nineteen ninety three the year in sports .
It was another full load .
We saw old and new champions shooting stars enduring stars .
Some who arrived others who <unk> out .
It was a year in sports filled with achievement adversity and impact .
Here's a quick chronology of just some of what happened in nineteen ninety three .
In january hockey superstar mario <unk> looking to lead the pittsburgh penguins to a third straight stanley cup title is diagnosed with <unk> disease .
After i saw doctor burke and doctor jones gave me the news you know on the way down to my house i could hardly drive because of the tears and crying all day .
The month is april san francisco forty nine e. r. legend joe montana the guy who led the team to four super bowl championships chooses a new team the kansas city chiefs .
Montana sat out all of nineteen ninety two with an elbow injury and would have been steve young's back up in san francisco .
June the aftermath of successful runs to the title by the montreal canadians and chicago bulls result in fans in both cities taking to the streets looting <unk> and committing random acts of violence in what's become a disturbing trend in north american sports .
September the dallas cowboys talented running back emmett smith winner of the nineteen ninety two rushing title in the n. f. l. ends his holdout with the super bowl champions .
That after dallas had gotten off to a zero and two start without him .
October fireworks in atlanta .
The braves who were hopelessly out of the race had acquired fred <unk> .
He literally sparked the braves to a thrilling run to the division flag .
In a <unk> race that saw atlanta run down san francisco and win the west .
The division came down to the final day .
The braves beat colorado and then watched the giants go down to defeat to the dodgers <unk> a third straight division title for atlanta .
November .
In what was billed as college <unk> game of the century notre dame holds off florida state thirty one to twenty four in a battle of number one versus number two .
Charlie ward's pass is batted down in the end zone with no time left on the clock preserving the fighting irish win .
You know what nick i was thinking about it it seems as though we crammed about four years into one .
What a busy year it was .
That was pretty quick but that was just the tip of the iceberg as we said .
It's early and we're going to talk about this for the whole hour but <unk> beating cancer and winning scoring title i thought was unparalleled in nineteen ninety three .
<unk> still ahead this hour obviously .
Four example what if you were holding a heavy weight championship fight and an <unk> guest just happened to drop in .
Well we'll <unk> that bizarre moment .
And i guess that it's true that all good and great things do come to an end .
