In los angeles today a very public maneuvering by the defense in the o. j. simpson case .
The move that got the most attention was the offer of a reward for evidence that would point to someone else rather than mr. simpson .
Here's a. b. c.'s bill redeker .
Simpson's business affairs attorney leroy taft made the announcement .
O. j. hereby personally offers a cash reward of five hundred thousand dollars .
A half million dollar reward said taft to establish simpson's innocence and to turn up leads that could produce the arrest and conviction of what he called the real killer or killers .
Taft said simpson established a toll free eight hundred telephone number for tips .
For police the offer of a reward creates a potential problem .
Despite the simpson eight hundred number investigators now expect to be inundated by questionable leads .
I suspect that there will be somebody who will come forward who will want to turn themselves in in order to collect the reward for themselves .
Legal analysts say the reward is a typical defense tactic to try to divert attention away from the suspect .
This is a classic defense strategy shift the focus from the defendant to others the government the police the prosecutors the coroner's office .
Shift the blame shift the focus .
The defense today also prepared to file two motions in superior court asking the prosecution and police to immediately disclose any investigative leads that might clear simpson including all radio calls and police reports of <unk> or <unk> in nicole simpson's neighborhood for the past six months all police reports of unsolved similar murders in california in the past year background reports on associates of the victims and detectives assigned to the case .
In a declaration attached to the motion attorney robert shapiro states that simpson is prepared to personally finance a follow up investigation .
Shapiro states that the defense has confirmed the following the first call that brought police to the murder scene was a report that a burglary was in progress a fingerprint on the rear gate of the townhouse did not match simpson's or the victims' and that immediately following the murders nicole simpson's daughter told police i heard mommy's best friend's voice and heard mommy crying .
Simpson's attorneys have asked the court to consider their motion for investigative leads at nine o'clock this friday morning .
That's one and a half hours before simpson's scheduled arraignment .
Bill redeker a. b. c. news los angeles .
Economic news today .
The chairman of the federal reserve board alan greenspan said today that interest rates may have to move up to keep inflation down .
The economy is still growing strongly he said despite four rate increases this year .
It is an open question whether our actions to date have been sufficient to head off inflationary pressures and thus maintain favorable trends in the economy .
On wall street today the dow jones industrials lost twenty one points to close at three thousand seven hundred twenty seven and the trading was moderate .
