A little town in alabama has a big jump on the sky scraper when it comes to <unk> the disabled .
C. n. n.'s pat etheridge pays a visit .
It's a town best known for its super speedway .
But <unk> alabama is also distinct for the many <unk> it offers the disabled .
Imaging a place where stop lights talk .
You may cross the street .
Where blind children order from braille menus at <unk> .
It makes you feel that you don't stand out that you're right there along with everybody else .
Or where a deaf man finds success as a car salesman .
I talk with them very openly .
I let them feel they are the winner and are going to buy this car at a good cost .
In a community of just nineteen thousand people about one thousand residents live with disabilities .
There are a few small towns in the south that can claim a second language <unk> has one that is unspoken .
The second language here is sign language .
The impetus stems in large part from the alabama institute for deaf and blind a school founded in one thousand eight hundred fifty eight trains students to compete in a real world workplace .
These people are not handicapped people .
They just don't see very well they don't hear very well .
They have all the abilities that anybody else have and they need chances to use their talents and be contributing members of society .
Five year old michael myers is well on his way he's already solving math equations in braille .
The children are learning social skills that they really need you know if they're <unk> to grow up to be healthy adults .
Later in life opportunities abound .
At this factory which produces goods for the military seventy five percent of the work force is visually impaired .
Our quality is the highest .
We're proud of our what our people do here .
With careful city planning the disabled blend in .
It's not that way in all towns .
Some people would shy away or hold a person at arm's length with a disability but we wouldn't be that way in <unk> at all .
More than a few local merchants have studied up on sign language so they can better serve their customers .
I'm not real fast but i can communicate with them .
It's a place that focuses on abilities where disabilities go largely unnoticed .
