Joining us now with some insights on the u. s. stock market and how it'll affect europe and everywhere else is joe mcalinden .
He's the chief investment officer at dillon read .
Thanks for joining us joe .
Good to be here .
First let's start a big sigh of relief obviously for the bond market and the stock market .
Where do we go from here .
I think we're entering the eye of the hurricane .
I think we're going to have a period of a couple of months where bonds do better and stocks have a substantial rally into the mid summer .
Why are you expecting an improvement given that higher interest rates hurt the economy and presumably the companies .
They do but the thing that hurts stocks the most is changes in the industry .
When interest rates help stocks it's because they're falling and when it hurts stocks its because they're rising .
And they've now risen and i think that now for a while the conventional wisdom is going to be that the fed is done with tightening and the bond market has made its adjustments .
And that's behind us now .
Why is it do you think that the dollar has failed to rally on the rise in interest rates .
Does it reflect a lack of confidence in the fed or the u. s. government .
I think it's a lack of confidence in the purchasing power of the currency .
I think this is really the heart of the issue .
The reason i think that in fact the market will be lower in the second half of the year is that it's going to turn out that there really is an inflation problem .
I believe the foreign exchange traders have figured that out and that's why the dollars been week all along and why it probably won't respond that much to these tightening moves .
What happens if it doesn't bounce back .
We're at a stage now where it's down again in europe after the rate hikes yesterday .
As long as the dollar doesn't go into a free fall i think we can get this temporary calming and an early summer rally .
I'm hoping that the dollar <unk> .
I don't expect a big rally though on the dollar .
Let's talk investment advice if we can .
If i've got some money to invest where should i be putting it .
In cash bonds stocks .
If you have a five year investment horizon i think stocks are starting to look interesting .
If you are going to be unhappy that you bought them today because they're lower in november then you should stay in cash because i do think that after a short early summer rally of a couple of hundred points on the dow the market will trade lower and make a new low in the fall .
What about the bond market .
We saw interest rates in the bond market fall and the prices rise significantly yesterday .
If folks believe the fed has tamed inflation then bond yields might come down even more .
I think the bond yield could move toward seven percent in the next couple of months but i'm telling <unk> that this an opportunity to raise money and sell some debt and buyers to be very careful 'cause i think rates will go higher next year .
You think when that inflation problem shows up we're going to see bond markets take rates how high .
I think that next year you're going to see the long bond up in the eight to eight and a half range .
Can we for the long term players you said five years' if you've got a solid gut for this .
What do you buy right now .
I believe that the next several years is going to be characterized by a very strong performance by basic american industrial companies particularly industrial material companies and energy .
So i would shift towards resource based equities and away from interest <unk> and consumer growth companies .
Banks and financial companies' stocks i believe rallied yesterday on the fed's move .
That surprise you .
Well i think they'll rally some more .
The negative rap on banks had been for some time that their spreads were going to be contracting .
But now it's turning out that they're raising their what they charge just as fast as their cost of borrowing is going up so the spreads look o. k. temporarily .
All right .
So the advice is basically buy stocks now or wait 'til november when you might be able to get them a little bit cheaper .
If you think you can time it right buy them in november and you could get very good returns over the next several years .
Joseph mcalinden of dillon read thanks so much for being here .
