The president of the united states has an agenda but whitewater keeps getting in the way .
C. n. n. correspondent john holliman is at the white house today .
Good morning john .
Bob good morning to you .
As you say the president wants to talk about health care today he wants to talk about aid to his friend eduard shevardnadze who's the former foreign minister to the soviet union now he heads the new country georgia but the whitewater case just won't seem to go away .
As he and his family returned here from camp david last night some reporters asked questions about his reaction to the latest turns in the whitewater case including the forced resignation of white house counsel bernard nussbaum but mr. clinton had nothing to say about that .
Administration critics are squaring off with supporters on the issue .
Here's a sampling from republican congressman newt gingrich and white house chief of staff mack mclarty .
What were the investments how did the rose law firm function what was vince foster doing about their personal stock and their personal involvement .
These are questions where frankly i think you've got to say it's the president .
I don't want to i don't think we ought to focus on the president's wife .
It is the president who has an obligation here to come clean with the american people and to let people know what's going on .
All right but the real essence here is a full and thorough review of a matter that's over ten years old that was thoroughly <unk> around and discussed in the campaign and we'll fully cooperate with the special counsel and that's the right process for this type of matter .
In the meantime let me underscore and assure you we will continue to work very very hard on the people's business in this country and move forward .
Other white house aides admit the administration blew it by allowing some of the members of this administration to participate in meetings where whitewater was discussed .
But vice president gore says today that the white house is erecting what he calls a <unk> between the white house staff and the justice department as this investigation continues .
John holliman c. n. n. live at the white house .
John given the fact that no one no one has yet been formally charged with any wrongdoing what are we to make of all the furor .
Well some of it certainly is partisan politics bob .
You've heard that most of the people who were complaining about the whitewater case have the letter r. after their designation people who are officials here in washington .
So certainly the republicans are trying to make some political hay on this case but there are some democrats who are now joining that call as well simply because of the possibility that the white house is doing things that might lend you to believe that there's a coverup going on or that there was before .
As vice president al gore said yesterday and again today this <unk> was being erected between the white house and the justice department probe .
