Of course the big sports news of the day comes from lillehammer norway .
A. b. c.'s dick schaap is there with a look at a couple of athletes who managed to get out of sarajevo in time to represent bosnia at the winter games and the latest on the powerful norwegian athlete they call <unk> the boss .
Dan jansen may be the fastest skater in the world over short distances but johan <unk> <unk> of norway is surely the strongest over long distances .
<unk> won his third gold medal today and set his third world record of the games shattering his own mark for ten thousand meters by almost thirteen seconds .
No medals for the u. s. today but tonya harding enjoyed a good and <unk> workout which didn't stop one of nancy <unk> coaches from telling a. b. c.'s donna de <unk> .
I have such a difficult time with the bravado of tonya harding .
She's not done anything to speak of since nineteen ninety one .
A few weeks ago inside the scarred supreme court building in sarajevo igor <unk> was running wind <unk> training for the olympics or worse .
That or olympics nothing in between that between that .
Igor <unk> was very much alive today in lillehammer getting ready to represent bosnia herzegovina in the olympics in a borrowed four man bobsled .
<unk> got out of sarajevo only two weeks ago .
I running here there is an open sky blue sky .
Very nice to run here .
And no shells .
No shells .
It's really very difficult to explain what it means for me to to stand here on the street without fear of shells and grenades .
There were no shells or grenades in sarajevo today as the nato deadline drew near but the bosnian athletes are not quite ready to celebrate a truce .
We learn in sarajevo it was a few times when you think it will be over it will be over but the next day again grenades and we are not sure of nothing .
Maybe in sarajevo they will enable peace but what will happen with the rest of bosnia herzegovina .
In lillehammer the bosnians are eating better training better but .
When i see fruit lots of fruits here i must sometimes remember of my of my people .
And they have no fruit they have no meat they have no milk for two years .
I thought about my parents about my neighbors about my girlfriend about all those people that are left in sarajevo .
In ancient greece all wars stopped during the olympics but when the games ended the wars resumed .
Dick schaap a. b. c. news lillehammer .
And we'll be back with a final word in a moment .
Once again tonight's top story .
With only a couple of minutes to go before the nato imposed deadline and with allied warplanes ready to carry out airstrikes bosnia's serbs still haven't moved all of their heavy weapons out of sarajevo or surrendered them to u. n. forces .
But u. n. officials are calling the arms pullout satisfactory and it appears fewer than twenty known serb weapons sites remain .
Serb sources tell a. b. c. news that once tonight's deadline has passed they will turn over control of weapons sites to the u. n. on demand .
It's expected that the u. n. will take control of those sites by tomorrow so airstrikes tonight are considered unlikely .
A. b. c. news will keep you up to date on new developments on the situation in bosnia as they occur and peter jennings will have a full report tomorrow on world news tonight .
That's world news sunday .
I'm carole simpson .
