Hundreds of women veterans have gathered at fort mcclellan alabama to mark a milestone this year marking the fiftieth anniversary of the women's army corps .
C. n. n.'s pat etheridge has more on that and the changing roles of women in the military .
These are the faces of pioneers the first american women to march off to war .
You go back and you think well that was a kind of a hard thing that we were asked to do but it was really worthwhile accomplishing it .
The year was nineteen forty two and when the army called the women answered for reasons patriotic and pragmatic .
All the men went away the only way you could catch up with is going yourself .
Fifty years later they've gathered for a look back faded photographs and a chance to renew common bonds .
They are women who weren't born yesterday and stand ready to serve until their dying day .
Take mary <unk> who at eighty five ached to be a part of desert storm .
At eighty five of course the army was not ready to receive me but believe me if they were ready i would've been on the other end of that stick .
It's the kind of spirit that kept them alive as army nurses held captive in the philippines .
Although they didn't carry weapons they were in harm's way .
They were in north africa and china india burma australia .
Some of them were in london during the buzz bombing and they may not have been there shooting the guns but they were there and they were in harm's way .
It's the kind of spirit that carried through the korean war vietnam .
The kind of spirit that inspires the soldiers of modern day .
The women's army corps was discontinued as a separate entity in nineteen seventy eight .
Now they're no longer called <unk> simply soldiers .
With every conflict their role grows more crucial .
Once you get out there and you start performing your mission you'll find women anywhere on the battlefield .
And on the fiftieth anniversary of the women's army corps the young express their awe .
Every one of them have a hundred war stories to tell apiece .
I think they paved the way for us women of today .
They really set a standard that said you know we can do it .
And so today the spirit of the first women warriors marches on .
