As americans debated this week whether or not to lift the ban on homosexuals in the military many concerns and fears were raised .
Those against lifting the ban argued that openly gay members of the military would create discipline and privacy problems .
Gregory <unk> a research psychologist at the university of california at davis has studied attitudes towards gays .
He says he's found several reasons why people are uncomfortable with homosexuality .
For some heterosexuals their discomfort stems from the fact that they feel that they are good moral people .
It's very important for them to have a sense of themselves as being very good moral religious people .
And their religions or their religious leaders have taught them for a long time that homosexuality is really the <unk> of what is good .
Other people consider homosexuality to be something that all of their friends and their family are very opposed to .
And so and because it's important for them to be liked and accepted by their friends and family they take a stand that goes along with the crowd .
For some people it's the idea that homosexuality creates a sense of unease in them because they may feel a bit uncomfortable about their own sexuality .
Or they may simply feel a little bit insecure about their own masculinity if they're a man or femininity if they're a woman .
And because homosexuality is so much identified as being opposed to our cultural standards of masculinity and femininity they find that this a very challenging thing for them and so they feel uncomfortable for that reason .
I'm really struck by the fact when you hear people talking about the issue of gays in the military openly gay people in the military the discussion very quickly turns to discussion of what it would be like to be in close quarters on a navy ship or in the showers .
Especially this talk of showers and the idea of i get a sense of the idea that people feel very vulnerable when this issue comes up .
Exposed you know literally .
Literally exposed yeah .
It's somewhat ironic when you think that we're talking about people who are in perhaps the most powerful fighting force on earth and their real fears have not to do with going our into battle and being in combat and risking their lives but rather in being seen in some state of <unk> by another person who they feel might be attracted to them .
I think that a lot of those <unk> are expressed by males by heterosexual males in the military .
And i have to think that it comes somewhat from their sense that they might be placed in the same position that they perceive women to be placed in by heterosexual men .
They feel concerned that perhaps they would be sexually harassed or sexually molested while they're in the showers that they would possibly be attacked and <unk> .
I think that there's really not very much basis for that .
You have to remember that gay men have grown up throughout their lives being in situations where they have to be undressed or <unk> or doing other sorts of private functions around other men around heterosexual men .
And they've had to learn to be very circumspect .
In fact i would guess that most gay men in those situations are probably going to be more discreet and more circumspect than heterosexual men are .
Are these attitudes these attitudes that people hold are they based on experience with gay people or more speculation about what might happen .
You know that's an interesting question .
When we look at people who have had heterosexual people who have had personal contact with lesbians and gay men we find that they are to a great extent very supportive of gay people .
When we look at national opinion data and break it down according to whether a heterosexual person knows gay people or not the heterosexuals who do know someone who's gay are much more likely to be supportive of gay rights and of gay people in various situations than are those who don't know someone who's gay .
And it's interesting because that translates into just about every demographic group .
Even the groups that are usually fairly hostile such as people who are very highly religious very strongly fundamentalist christians for example .
Even in that group if you break it down according to those who know gay people and those who don't you find that those who do know gay people are much more accepting in general .
I think that for most americans and probably about seventy percent or more of americans don't know that they know someone who's gay for that seventy percent or more their attitudes are really based on gay people as a symbol .
Gay people are this sort of abstract one dimensional concept that they've been taught about in various ways as being something that symbolizes sin or symbolizes immorality symbolizes sexual promiscuity symbolizes simply the people who aren't accepted in our society .
And for that reason they hold negative attitudes toward gay people not based on their personal experience .
President clinton has asked for a draft executive order that would lift the ban on gays in the military by this summer by july .
If he signs that then the military presumably would be charged with trying to change these attitudes .
How can that be done .
These are attitudes that people grow up with .
They are attitudes that people grow up with .
But they're not impervious to change .
You know the military has an excellent record of changing attitudes changing prejudice when they set their mind to it .
And the example i'm thinking of is their experience with changing racial attitudes .
And when they did it they were incredibly successful .
Certainly there's still racism within the military but i think that of the institutions we have in our society there is much less racial intolerance than there is in other institutions .
And i think that if the military takes those same lessons the lessons that they learned in fighting racism and applies them to fighting prejudice against lesbians and gay men they can be successful .
You know psychologically speaking although there's a big difference between racial minorities and ethnic minorities and sexual minorities the psychological dynamics of prejudice are very similar from one group to another .
And so a lot of the same psychological processes that went on with <unk> negative attitudes toward blacks also occur in <unk> negative attitudes toward gay people .
