Elsewhere overseas today the vice president al gore was in moscow for a meeting with the russian president boris yeltsin .
Mr. gore used unusually sharp language to criticize russia's new leader of the political opposition .
The views expressed by vladimir zhirinovsky said mr. gore are reprehensible .
Mr. zhirinovsky has talked about bombing germany and suppressing ethnic minorities among a great many other things .
How is it that his party did so well in sunday's parliamentary elections .
A. b. c.'s david ensor went looking for answers .
<unk> seventy miles from moscow population two thousand six hundred .
Life has grown so hard here that it didn't even occur to most people to vote for those in power the reformers .
The town split about evenly between supporters of zhirinovsky and the communists .
I gave zhirinovsky a chance .
He's a new person .
A common refrain at the one hundred thirty year old <unk> textile factory .
They've had trouble getting cotton ever since the soviet union broke up .
There have been layoffs .
We are disintegrating .
Tomorrow our factory could be closed and how am i supposed to live .
That's where zhirinovsky comes in .
A retired military man says he voted for zhirinovsky because he promised to stop other former soviet republics from <unk> russian residents .
The russian people bear a lot .
We are patient .
But the russian people should not be teased .
Almost everyone told us they enjoyed <unk> blunt attacks on the newly rich .
But when you ask about <unk> racist comments or his call to recreate the russian empire by force people here say that's not the zhirinovsky they voted for .
I don't think our russian people would allow that .
All we want is peace and work for everybody .
In <unk> today children placed flowers to commemorate the anniversary of the day russian forces recaptured the town from the nazis in world war two .
But when reformers compare <unk> imperial ambitions with those of hitler people in <unk> don't seem to understand .
Fascism was german they say .
It could never catch on here .
David ensor a. b. c. news moscow .
In geneva today one hundred sixteen nations including the united states gave their formal approval to a global trade agreement g. a. t. t. the general agreement on tariffs and trade .
The last round took seven years to negotiate .
The french foreign minister was overheard to tell a colleague i never want to hear about g. a. t. t. again .
On wall street today the dow jones industrials lost more than twenty five points to close at three thousand seven hundred sixteen and the trading was heavy .
