Spinal cord injuries consign thousands to life in wheel chairs .
Now some are standing again however briefly with the help of braces that look like shoes .
Andrew holtz reports .
Despite a car crash that left him paralyzed richard <unk> still manages to get out and about .
One of his favorite destinations is the long beach california harbor where he worked as a commercial diver until his injury .
I really miss my job .
I was good at what i did .
And although a wheelchair gives him mobility there are things wheels cannot replace .
Looking at people eye to eye .
Looking down at things from a standing position .
You wouldn't believe the difference in perspective .
So each day richard <unk> straps on a pair of heavy stiff knee high black boots and goes for a walk .
It takes a minute to just let things stabilize because you don't stand up all the time .
Richard <unk> legs are still paralyzed .
What the boots do is give him the stability to stand while he uses his upper body muscles to throw his feet forward one step at a time .
Just let me try going for it .
Yeah i am .
Don't worry .
Okay .
Okay so back up a little bit .
I don't like her to help me .
It's one of them things you know .
He needs me to help him .
Leg braces are not new .
Designers hope that by being easier to use and looking more like regular shoes these boots will appeal to users more than the old style braces .
Most of the older bracing systems within a year after people master them those devices are sitting in a closet somewhere .
Mastering leg braces is not easy .
A lot of stretching and rigorous exercises and you're unfamiliar with your body because it doesn't work how it used to work .
The exercise can be important .
One of the concerns that we have about patients who sit in a wheel chair all day is that they are sedentary and they get out of shape .
They have cardiovascular problems .
Putting weight and stress on <unk> legs may also be a way to prevent bone loss or osteoporosis .
The benefits don't come cheaply six thousand dollars for the boots and then fifteen dollars eighteen thousand dollars for therapy and training .
Richard <unk> says prodding his insurance company into paying for the program was the toughest part of getting back on his feet .
Perhaps only one in eight <unk> can use this type of bracing boot .
Usually they have recent injuries to a small section of spinal cord and they must have good muscle tone in their legs combined with a lot of upper body strength .
I stand a couple hours a day and it has really turned things around as far as that goes .
Feeling like i'm i'm a standing person and sometimes i sit .
It's an attitude he's achieved by concentrating on putting one foot in front of the other .
As the events in los angeles and other cities painfully demonstrate this past week violence is one of the leading health threats in the united states .
Andrew holtz has prepared a week long series of reports .
