Most women who take birth control pills do this to keep from getting pregnant .
But now there are some doctors who prescribe the pill to older women for other reasons .
C. n. n.'s carolyn robinson has more in today's news from medicine report .
Pediatric nurse julie martin recently started taking birth control pills but not to prevent a pregnancy .
What led me to the decision was a lot of research on my part a lot of thought .
Initially i wasn't sure what was going on with my body changes taking place hot flashes waking up <unk> some mood swings .
She's in her early forties just beginning to experience the first signs of menopause .
Much to her surprise her doctor suggested oral contraceptives to ease some of these problems .
Here i am in the medical field and i truly just did not realize what's being done .
What's being done more frequently is to prescribe low dose oral contraceptives to women over forty who can take them just for the <unk> side benefits .
Women in their forties tend to start having very irregular cycles very erratic bleeding and oral contraceptives can definitely help in that area .
Studies have shown the pill also helps protect against ovarian and <unk> cancer pelvic infections <unk> ovarian <unk> and benign breast disease .
But birth control pills can increase the risk of stroke and heart disease especially in women who smoke and that's why some doctors caution it's not a good idea to prescribe birth control pills without a strong medical reason .
Many of those benefits are associated with old fashioned high dose birth control pills and we still don't know whether the impact of the new low dose pills will be as great in terms of those benefits as the old high dose pills .
In nineteen ninety one the u. s. food and drug administration determined that low dose oral contraceptives are safe for most women over forty .
As long as they're healthy they don't smoke they have normal blood pressure they really can continue the oral contraceptives really until the time of menopause .
Many women object to the idea of taking hormones under any circumstances but others see the pill as a tool to make their transition into menopause a little easier .
