Vice president al gore is scheduled to tour flooded areas of the mississippi river basin near saint louis today .
Authorities have asked several hundred people in south saint louis to voluntarily leave their homes to escape a rising <unk> of the mississippi .
The flood is already one of the worst on record .
The associated press is reporting eighteen deaths are blamed so far on the mississippi flood along with about thirty thousand evacuations and two billion dollars in damage .
C. n. n. correspondent brian cabell is in des moines iowa where the flooding has threatened the city's drinking water .
Brian .
Yes bob water is the name of the game here in des moines today too much in the rivers not nearly enough in the pipes in fact virtually none in the pipes so des moines citizens they have resorted to this .
Two hundred fifty thousand people here without drinking water they are coming to bottled water sites like this one .
There are about two dozen of them around the city at this point and about one hundred are planned for by the end of the next day or two .
Over here as you can see it's not the easiest procedure around here and we're probably complicating it by just a little bit .
This is jill <unk> over here .
She is one of the volunteers .
Ms. <unk> how are things going .
Well we just try to keep the water going without wasting any .
How much per person .
Five gallons is what we're giving right now .
You don't have containers .
No we're out of containers .
We ran out yesterday .
The people are cooperating .
They fairly friendly .
What .
People have been very cooperative today yes .
And how are you doing .
I'm doing okay right now .
How about you ma'am .
How are things going .
Oh we're getting along .
Getting along .
People are getting along here but not all that well .
The reason we're having this problem of course is that the water treatment facility in des moines broke down yesterday the levee broke down next to it .
That was yesterday morning about two a. m. .
As a result two hundred fifty thousand people out of water here in des moines .
Latest word we have is that perhaps seven days it will be before tap water is restored here and perhaps as many as thirty days before we have potable water .
Here's another volunteer over here .
How are things going .
Oh very good .
People again seem to be in a fairly good mood for the most part .
Yeah most people i think are in a good mood .
How long is your shift out here today .
Nine hours .
You are a des moines city worker is that true .
Yeah .
Normally you do what .
I <unk> .
But at this point you are putting your finger over the spigot and letting water come out is that correct .
That's my job .
How about you sir .
How is life these days in des moines .
It can't be all that easy .
Well it's not all that easy but it's not all that bad either .
I mean you're getting a lot of help and everybody's trying to help each other so you know it's turning out for the better .
No showers no baths or anything like that .
No showers no baths but you have to make the best of everything that you can do .
You're not going to work either i guess .
No you can't go to work .
But you got your water .
You're out of here .
Yeah .
Okay .
Thank you very much .
One more quick chat here with a national guardsman .
How long are you guys going to be out here .
Any idea .
Well we're on twelve hour shifts right now and we're going to be out here twenty four hours .
We got a night shift coming in .
Comfortable .
Yeah it's comfortable .
You sit here and just let the water shoot out eh .
Easier job than yesterday .
Yesterday there was a little commotion .
Today it's more organized .
Thank you very much .
Once again this is one of about two dozen sites that have been set up in des moines so far .
They're hoping to have about one hundred and this is again to give water two hundred fifty thousand des moines residents without water .
This will go on for at least a week and they say even when water is restored it will not be <unk> in all likelihood for at least a month .
The crisis continues here the water levels are down but the crisis does continue .
