Welcome back .
The leader of the bosnian serbs proposed a new approach to settling the four year old bosnian conflict by asking jimmy carter to mediate the bloody war .
I do think that president carter in the capacity of a possible american representative or president clinton's representative will be and would be impartial .
We are proposing an immediate end of the war .
The former president left atlanta for frankfurt this evening flying commercially and unaccompanied by state department officials .
This is a mission by president carter that is not on behalf of the united states but on behalf of his center the carter center .
He's been invited in that capacity .
Obviously we say god bless him .
If he can find a way to solve some of those problems fine .
But we're skeptical about the ability to do that .
Mona if jimmy carter can settle the bosnian war isn't his trip worthwhile .
Right and if he can walk on water sure .
But look karadzic is most people don't know this he's a psychiatrist an evil one but anyway and he's very good at playing upon peoples' emotions .
He's terrorized sarajevo very effectively and he is playing upon jimmy carter's vanity .
To come bring carter over there muddy the waters on these negotiations so that you've got a million different parties involved and try to get a better deal for himself more territory that is for the bosnian serbs than he was being offered by the contract group .
Margaret is this explosive for the administration to be playing with president carter .
I don't think the white house has distanced itself enough from this carter mission .
I mean there needs to be a carter containment policy now .
No more peace missions .
No more bucking for the nobel prize .
I mean he's going to say <unk> is misunderstood the way he said kim il sung was misunderstood and start talking about his wife and make concessions and then talk about it later .
Leon panetta was on evans and novak .
I don't know if you have anything to do with that show bob but there seemed to be a white house chief of staff distancing himself a little bit from the former president .
He was distancing somewhat .
Let me say something for the former president on behalf of the former president .
You know <unk> been bashing jimmy carter on this program for months .
She bashed him when he was very successful in preventing a bloodbath in haiti .
She bashed him when he was successful in preventing a second korean war .
So i think that i think jimmy carter deserves the nobel peace prize .
I think he's been spectacular in these peace missions and if he can get avoid sending two american divisions to bosnia the disaster that both the republicans and the democrats are talking about all powerful all the more power to him .
Don't forget that the serbs have won this war .
They've already won it and all we're trying to do is get some kind of peace settlement .
Chuck schumer who's right mona charen or bob novak .
I agree with mona .
I think jimmy .
Sorry bob .
You know the lesser of two evils but the bottom line is that i think that carter just goes off on these things i'm sure if you heard what leon panetta would say privately it wouldn't be as mild as that and he's being used .
Of course .
He's being used .
Of course .
There you know sure .
If he brings success everyone will hail him but how many times is this guy going to go fly off fly off fly up and who else is going to go .
You know it's not just an average citizen .
Well you can always get a .
He's the former president of the united states .
If he were just jimmy carter citizen he wouldn't be going .
As former president he carries the mantle or the aura of being somehow attached to the government .
It's not the right thing to do .
Just a quick reply to bob's two points about haiti and north korea .
In north korea the president the former president brought back a terrible deal which really involved u. s. capitulation and which we will pay the piper for down the road and as for haiti it's hard to say bob .
Do you really mean that we he avoided a bloodbath .
What sort of a bloodbath was in prospect .
Okay .
And also i think the planes taking off had an effect as well .
All right .
Last word margaret .
You're doing it twice in a row .
Twice .
Chuck schumer thanks for being with us .
Thank you .
The gang will be right back with the outrage of the week .
And now for the outrage of the week .
Robert kennedy once shrewdly observed that twenty percent of the people are against anything at any time .
Well the latest wall street journal slash n. b. c. poll shows that three out of four americans do support an increase in the federal minimum wage now four dollars and twenty five cents an hour .
How many oppose such an increase for our lowest wage earners .
You guessed it twenty percent none of whom you can be sure is making four dollars and twenty five cents an hour .
Bob .
The clinton administration is sending three thousand marines back to somalia .
Haven't we had enough of that <unk> country .
No we're going to protect the departure of the last u. n. peacekeepers and to pick up u. s. military equipment that was left behind .
One american life lost in this dubious venture would be one too many .
Mona .
A jury in oklahoma city has sentenced a man convicted of raping a three year old girl to thirty thousand years in jail .
The outrage is twofold .
First that the exasperated jury felt it had to issue such a ludicrous sentence to ensure that the rapist would not go free in a few years and the second outrage is that despite the thirty thousand year sentence the rapist will be eligible for parole in fifteen years .
Why not simplify matters and just eliminate parole .
Margaret carlson .
An audit revealed that the clinton campaign paid thirty seven thousand five hundred dollars to settle a sexual harassment complaint against former white house aide david watkins .
The f. e. c. has disallowed federal matching funds for the payment but that's not the real problem .
Watkins rather than being demoted was made director of white house administration .
In that job he <unk> a military helicopter to take himself and a few pals on a golf outing to camp david .
Only then did the white house get it .
Can i ask you a serious question .
Yeah .
A frivolous question .
Is there something really bad in that whole arkansas crowd at the white house .
I mean there's one real strange thing after another .
Um hmm .
Well they do there's no lesson learned .
I mean they just can keep making mistakes with no consequences and the judgment .
No but they make .
The watkins thing is so serious that when you pay thirty seven i've never heard of anybody paying money out of a campaign .
That much money .
Yeah .
For a sexual harassment charge .
Right .
And they called it consulting fees .
But then to bring the guy .
Except senator .
Yeah .
No no .
But then to bring the guy to the white house i mean sometimes .
Right .
Right .
Do you know he's a millionaire .
Did you know that watkins .
Is he really .
He's a very rich man .
Is he really .
Is he in favor of a cut in the capital gains tax .
Like you bob .
Yeah .
I don't know .
But he's a very rich man .
And he resisted paying for that helicopter trip too .
This is mark shields saying good night for the capital gang and you'll join us next week when humorist mark russell one of america's great satirists joins us for our annual christmas program .
