To somalia now where renewed inter clan fighting near the port city of kismayu is jeopardizing peace talks .
The talks scheduled to have begun yesterday in mogadishu were to pave the way for a full peace conference next month in ethiopia .
Somalia's main warlord general mohammed farah aidid is accusing rivals of violating a january fifteenth cease fire .
Aidid's faction says there should be no talks until the violations end .
U. s. and belgian troops found the bodies of fifteen somalis near kismayu on monday .
According to a belgian defense official some had clearly been <unk> all this comes as some u. s. troops are being withdrawn and the united nations ponders an expanded role .
Philip johnston is president of the relief organization care and is acting u. n. coordinator for humanitarian assistance in somalia .
He joins us now from new york just back from somalia .
Thanks very much for coming in .
You're most welcome frank .
May i start by asking you if you are at all concerned that this latest fighting that we're hearing about in the port city of kismayu <unk> ill for the humanitarian efforts .
Well any time that the somalis decide that the process of reconciliation has to be settled by guns is of course a <unk> a further step backwards in the process .
Hopefully kismayu will settle down as other cities have settled down where local leadership will exert influence over those warlords that want to settle things by guns and the process of moving the nation forward will continue .
But it would be misleading to suggest or to think that this political reconciliation is going to come easily .
I mean clearly there are going to be setbacks along the way .
Absolutely .
Particularly as you recognize that certain people have vested interest in gaining certain control over this or having influence over that process .
And what we must do is to stay the course and assure that somalis as individuals have equal rights to the kind of government that is going to rule that country .
Now to the recovery plan .
As we mentioned you're just back from somalia .
You have drafted a ten point plan along with some others .
Perhaps you could tell us who participated in putting that plan together and what its main elements are in terms of rebuilding the country now .
Well the process that we went through in order to build the plan is to get as many somalis in the process as possible .
They were village elders village leaders women's groups youth groups the <unk> indigenous voluntary agencies and then the international community .
And collectively they have determined that there are ten essential building blocks needed to stabilize somali society .
The rehabilitation plan for nineteen ninety three which <unk> march fifteenth and goes to december thirty first is a process to stabilize society .
It has amongst the ten the <unk> of primary education the expansion of agriculture the <unk> of the <unk> services the employment creation the health helping the nation reestablish its health infrastructure .
And it goes on .
There are essentially ten points that deal with displaced and refugees and so forth .
Now these are the very basic building blocks it would seem of any society .
But given how much chaos and destruction was rained upon somalia how difficult is it to put these basics in place .
Well it is a large task but one must understand that in the absence of putting those blocks in place the country will remain unstable and will stability will only come as a result of having military force there .
We must take the opportunity that the americans and the <unk> forces have created by helping somalis knit together their society involving them in the process nurturing it empowering them and helping them be a part of the solution .
It will not happen as a result of military might .
They must they created this problem and they must be part of the solution .
Can this solution be imposed on the country .
Number .
Absolutely not .
It cannot be imposed no matter how many military people you put there .
The solution is to transfer the flag of the military to the u. n. and for x. period from now the u. n. transfer that flag of security to the somali police department .
And we one of those pieces that is in the rehabilitation plan for ninety three is to help activate the police force of somalia .
Yesterday our correspondent jim clancy filed a report from near the town of baidoa showing some somali farmers back at work harvesting a sorghum crop .
We have some pictures of that here .
In this report he observed that so much of somalia's problem was a result of civil war and not a result solely anyway of drought .
What is your assessment as to how common this progress is across the country since december when the troops started arriving .
I mean this is clearly some good news here .
Absolutely it's good news and to their credit those seeds that the farmers planted were given to them by voluntary agencies amongst them is care that was supported by american donors .
And they transferred this money into seeds into tools and enabled a lot of farmers to grow food .
Now this is the first harvest they have had in a long time and it is the initiation of the <unk> of somali agriculture which .
How common .
To somalis is important that they see the process working .
Right .
How commonplace is this then across the country .
I mean is this scene these sorts of scenes being repeated .
Or is this still fairly isolated .
Number .
It is a process that is being reborn .
You can for example in certain places see elementary schools that have been reestablished .
You can see <unk> services being reestablished in certain locations .
You can see health clinics being reestablished .
But most of those are in the zone of security that has been established by the <unk> forces the united task force forces .
Finally last question if i may based on your visit and your experience what does somalia need most now from the international community .
It needs understanding that this is a complicated process politically to get themselves back into some form of governance .
Secondly it needs patience that this will not be a smooth process .
Thirdly it needs the resources to make it happen .
With those three things somalia can regain its footing and knit its society back together again .
Mr. johnston thanks very much for coming in just a couple days back from somalia .
You're most welcome .
