Still having to do with whitewater shredding has entered the popular culture again .
It is there because of questions about whitewater files or files perhaps having to do with whitewater which were shredded .
It is true that some files from the rose law firm in little rock arkansas were shredded though there's a real question as to whom they belonged to .
It hasn't stopped speculation nor even some sarcasm .
Here's the editorial page in last sunday's arkansas gazette .
Today's whitewater cartoon it says was shredded by the rose law firm .
Well just the word shredding <unk> up images of wrongdoing .
But cynthia mcfadden who reports on legal issues for us says sometimes yes sometimes no .
Sometimes shredding is heroic .
In nineteen eighty four at the u. s. embassy in iran diplomats used a shredder to destroy documents before the embassy was taken over by islamic militants .
Sometimes shredding is suspicious .
In nineteen eighty seven oliver north shredded so many iran contra documents and did it so fast that investigators found out about it because the shredder jammed .
Sometimes shredding is merely routine .
The simple fact of destruction of documents doesn't necessarily mean anything which was done was wrong .
Now we have whitewater .
And all agree the rose law firm shredded documents .
Two former employees told a. b. c. news that they shredded documents belonging to vince foster whose death at the time was known to be under investigation by special counsel robert fiske .
The shredding itself has already caused political problems .
But what about legal problems .
The answer it depends .
If the document is under subpoena or if it has been noticed in discovery if the person knows that it is relevant to an ongoing judicial proceeding and means to prevent its use in that proceeding that would be criminal .
The rose law firm says nothing was destroyed that had to do with whitewater or vince foster .
But even so experts say they should have kept a list of the documents that were destroyed and had someone witness the shredding .
Any lawyer with five <unk> worth of thought can realize that a destruction at this critical period will ultimately be investigated and you want to be able to show you did nothing wrong .
So far no word from the firm on whether such a list exists .
The first real shredder was developed in nineteen thirty five at the request of adolf hitler who wanted a document destruction program he could rely on .
The world would soon go from this to this .
The legal bottom line on shredding shredding is just another way of making garbage except at some point creating this kind of garbage may violate the law .
Cynthia mcfadden a. b. c. news .
In a moment we'll go on to the other news .
