Mr. clinton addresses the united nations later today .
White house officials say he is expected to appeal for tougher measures to stop the spread of nuclear weapons and to call for better organization of u. n. peacekeeping missions .
C. n. n. plans live coverage of the president's speech scheduled to begin at eleven o'clock a. m. .
Eastern time .
President clinton is the first of many heads of state scheduled to address the u. n. general assembly as its new session gets underway .
C. n. n.'s jeanne moos tells us what's ahead for the world body .
When they roll out the red carpet and a bomb dog walks down it when you see men with binoculars on the roof and you see diplomats kissing shaking hands patting each other on the back you know the u. n. general assembly is back <unk> to order like kids on their first day back at school .
In the next three weeks forty or so world leaders and over one hundred foreign ministers will take turns parading to the podium the president of the united states to the new prime minister of japan .
This so called general debate has its occasional moments of keen interest and long spells of repetition boredom and incredibly <unk> rhetoric .
It's enough to <unk> fond memories of the moment of silence that opened this session last week .
When the secretary general was asked what the main issue of this assembly session would be he answered finance finance <unk> u. s. and russia owe hundreds of millions of dollars .
The u. n. can barely issue paychecks .
That's the bad news .
The good news is that with israel and the p. l. o. shaking hands rather than fists with apartheid in south africa on its way out there's an even greater sense of consensus in the general assembly .
There is a certain civility among even long time <unk> .
A civility that doesn't always extend to the press .
The daily press briefings have become testy ever since the u. n. drastically tightened security in the wake of an alleged bomb plot .
A somewhat less than diplomatic suggestion that security has been lax in the past .
I get the impression that they're only a group of clowns who can't do their jobs properly .
Met with an icy stare from the u. n. spokesman .
Journalists can no longer bring visitors to the u. n. public tour of the building has been suspended for fear that tourists could roam too freely .
What happens to you .
What happens to me .
That's a good question .
I don't know .
A tour guide with no guidance .
The u. n. is <unk> credentials bolstering barriers reportedly reinforces pillars and ceilings in the parking area beneath the general assembly hall in case a bomb ever went off .
It's not a question of paranoia it's a question that this building has been threatened .
So was this <unk> car accidentally <unk> by gates gone amok .
Is that what they mean by tight security .
