Congress is continuing its probe of sexual harassment in the military focusing today on the department of veterans affairs .
C. n. n.'s skip loescher reports a house panel heard from women who say the department discouraged even ignored their complaints .
The department of veteran affairs is under fire for allegedly condoning the sexual harassment of some of its women employees many of whom work in v. a. medical centers from coast to coast .
Mary o'connor charges she was returning from a business meeting when a v. a. doctor accosted her .
Pulled the government car to the side of the road proceeded to pull his pants down and force my head into his crotch .
And after filing a complaint o'connor became convinced that the system is designed to protect those who harass women .
They are repeat offenders transferred from other facilities .
The v. a. hospitals shelter not only those wounded in combat but administrators who cannot keep their hands off female employees .
<unk> <unk> has come to the same conclusion .
She too has filed a complaint alleging to have been harassed by a v. a. doctor .
Whenever he caught me alone he made crude sexually explicit remarks questioned my morality and made offensive propositions .
Other women v. a. employees tell similar stories of harassment and of being made to suffer because they filed complaints .
It became apparent that management was more interested in <unk> the victims than solving the problem .
This myth is that something will be done to protect the victim .
The v. a. admits it has a problem with sexual harassment and claims it's working to eliminate it .
But it also contends that there are only a few bad apples at v. a .
But i think it is terribly terribly unfair to characterize two hundred forty thousand hard working dedicated people in every state of this country as being engaged in sexual harassment .
What we have is a system which it's simply not working .
It's a system in which the victims don't even know their rights .
For evans the bottom line is simple if there is sexual harassment inside the v. a. how well can it provide health care to women veterans .
Especially those who are sexually abused during their military service .
