After a brief setback the release of the hubble space telescope is set to go in about three and a half hours .
Earlier there was a problem with a computer on the telescope but nasa now says everything is ready .
C. n. n.'s john holliman joins us with the very latest .
John .
Andrea nasa managers say they will be able to do what they had hoped to do about three hours sooner and that's release the hubble space telescope from the cargo bay of shuttle endeavour .
The problem a computer part that looks just about like this .
The space faring version of a computer modem went bad .
This is the live picture from nasa right now managers and engineers at the johnson space flight center in texas who had some pretty long faces about two hours ago .
Now they're looking more relaxed .
The astronauts are awake and turning on spotlights out in endeavour's cargo bay to shine onto the space telescope during the last few minutes of its connection to space shuttle endeavour .
What's going to happen next is in about thirty minutes the robot arm from the space shuttle will attach itself to the telescope and begin to lift it very slowly and carefully out of the cargo bay .
First it will go to a position flying directly over the space shuttle and then finally it will go up out of the cargo bay into this position where it'll be in orbit for the next at least four years .
So that maneuver will take place at about half past this hour will continue for about another hour .
Meanwhile managers and engineers on the ground will continue to put the telescope through a series of tests .
They'll be sending radio signals to antennas here and on the base of the telescope telling it to do various things .
They'll watch to make sure it's able to do all those things correctly and if it passes all those tests at five twenty six eastern time today about three hours and eighteen minutes from right now the robot arm will slowly move away from the telescope leaving it in orbit more than three hundred miles above the earth .
