Up until the mid nineteen seventies homosexuality was classified as a mental disorder by the american psychiatric association and even today many people consider homosexual behavior abnormal and see gays and lesbians choose their lifestyle .
But now a researcher working at the national institute of health is adding to the body of evidence that suggests homosexuality is biological and he believes it may be inherited .
We'd like to hear what you think .
Is homosexuality a matter of nurture or nature .
We'll have a couple of experts to take your calls .
Our phone number is area code four oh four two two one one eight five five .
We'll be back with a check of the headlines right after this .
Stay with us .
Many gays and lesbians say their lifestyle isn't a conscious choice they're born that way .
Some new research supports that theory .
We'll take your calls in a few minutes on whether homosexuality is a product of nurturing or nature .
Join the debate by calling area code four oh four two two one one eight five five .
First let's take a look at the top stories .
When we return it's your turn .
We'll be taking your calls this morning on the topic of homosexuality nurture or nature .
Our phone number is area code four oh four two two one one eight five five .
Back with your calls in a moment .
Stay with us .
We're talking this morning about whether homosexuality is a matter of choice or biology .
A government scientist has uncovered what he considers the most convincing evidence yet that the tendency toward homosexuality is inherited in some men .
C. n. n. medical correspondent dan rutz reports .
Scientists have not discovered a specific gene for homosexuality but dean hamer with the national institutes of health does claim to have strong evidence that inheritance from the mother's side can have a lot to do with it .
That is that the genes play some role in some individuals in determining their sexual orientation .
It doesn't mean that there's a single gene that makes you gay or makes you straight because sexual orientation is not a simple genetic trait like eye color or hair color .
We've done <unk> analysis on over three hundred families of both lesbians and gay men .
At a conference on the science of sexual orientation last february hamer talked about part of his work confirming previous studies that showed gay men and women are more likely than straights to have gay brothers and sisters .
But he also looked beyond the immediate family .
At least for man we can also see increased rates of homosexual orientation in more distant relatives and in particular in maternal uncles and in cousins who are the sons of maternal aunts .
That observation led researchers to the x. chromosome which men inherit only from their mothers .
And what we found was that an unexpectedly high proportion of those gay brothers shared d. n. a. markers on one small region of the x. chromosome which suggests that there's a gene genes located there that affected sexual development .
The only people that ever put me on toe were guys because i was never really greatly attracted ever to a woman .
Daniel kasperski's story is typical among gay men .
He says he tried to be straight but always knew he was different .
I did not want to be gay .
I did not want to choose that lifestyle .
Hamer says his study should lead both gays and straights to a clearer understanding of sexual orientation .
One effect that it will have is the demonstration that sexual orientation is not simply a decision or purely a choice .
It's not like deciding to have vanilla ice cream or butter <unk> for dessert .
It's more deeply ingrained in a person's make up .
Even so hamer admits about a third of the gay brothers he studied did not share the genetic marker .
And other scientists warn against reading too much into <unk> findings .
Any announcement of a linkage has to be viewed as a likely false positive until it's been replicated .
Most investigators say it's likely genetics has something but not everything to do with sexual orientation .
Dan rutz c. n. n. medical news .
We have two guests joining us this morning to discuss the possible origins of homosexuality and the debate that subjects uh the subject raises .
On the phone from the chicago area is michael bailey .
He holds a p. h. d. in psychology and is an assistant professor at northwestern university .
He has done several studies on homosexuality and heredity .
Also joining us from our bureau in new york is eric marcus .
He's a journalist and the author of several books on gay issues .
His most recent is called is it a choice .
Answers to the three hundred most frequently asked questions about gays and lesbians .
We thank both of you for joining us .
Doctor bailey what does this new research mean and how important is it .
This research is potentially extraordinarily important .
If it <unk> and i think it's a fine study and should replicate we will have made a tremendous stride toward understanding the origins of sexual orientation .
Mr. marcus what do you think .
Well i think it's a very important study as well .
I don't think it surprises it doesn't surprise me and it probably doesn't surprise most gay and lesbian people .
Our experience of growing up is that this is who we are .
I it's as natural to us as being left handed or right handed or like our eye color .
But i've got to point out andrea something you said earlier .
This whole notion of lifestyle that being gay is a lifestyle .
Gay and lesbian people like heterosexual people lead all kinds of lifestyles .
Being gay is simply who i am who we are as people .
It is not something that we choose like a lifestyle liking living in the country or living in the city or being <unk> for example .
Does that infuriate many gay and lesbian people .
Well i don't know if it infuriates but it's frustrating because even gay and lesbian people often say this because when you say something is a lifestyle the suggestion is that it is a matter of choice that you can choose it like changing your hair color for example .
And that is frustrating to hear that kind of language used so i'd just like to let people know when i hear it that that's not the word i prefer .
And also it's so interesting to see that c. n. n. is still introducing the subject with some of the same videotape that was used even four or five years ago .
It's the signature videotape that whenever you talk about gay men you show guys walking down castro street in san francisco holding hands and photographing them from behind not showing their faces suggesting somehow that perhaps we're embarrassed to be photographed .
What should we be showing .
Well it is dilemma because how do you show that people are gay .
Or you want to talk about gay men and show pictures of them .
Perhaps you could show gay families two guys at home giving breakfast to their kids or something like that .
But to see that same image over and over again guys holding hands just reinforces showing guys holding hands and shot from behind reinforces to americans that we're somehow embarrassed about who we are and all we do is walk down the street holding hands .
Now what do you think this new research will do for the gay and for the gay rights movement .
Well i don't think it'll do a lot .
I think what it'll do is help a lot of parents for example feel better about the fact that they've got gay kids .
A lot of parents feel terribly guilty thinking that somehow they've made their kid gay they've dropped him on his head or gave their daughter a tool set too early in life and that they've created this gay child they've raised a gay child .
So it'll be a comfort to parents they'll realize that it's nothing they did wrong .
This is simply who their kids are .
And for gay and lesbian people as well they'll no longer have to feel a sense of guilt for being who they are because this is something we're born with .
Doctor bailey what do you think .
Well i concur with what eric marcus said except that i would say gay people don't really need to worry about where their sexuality comes from because they're not doing anything wrong .
So even if it were learned they have nothing to feel bad about .
But in fact this new research supports research that i and others have done in suggesting that it's not learned .
What about the concern of gene manipulation .
If this research is proven true do you think it could lead to gene manipulation .
I think it's very unlikely that anything like that would happen in the near future .
For one thing he has identified a large region of the chromosome as a candidate .
It will take a long time before we identify a gene specific gene if it's there and as dean hamer says himself it's unlikely to be a single gene thing so that this particular gene would not increase the chances of being gay to one hundred percent .
So people who were going to abort fetuses with this particular gene would be <unk> fetuses that would very likely be heterosexual .
O. k. we're going to take our first call this morning from the state of washington .
Good morning .
Hi .
Hi .
Go ahead please .
Yes um i was raised in a christian so called christian family and i first discovered i was gay when i was around twelve .
I went to years of psychotherapy my family ended up rejecting me for it not understanding that you know i couldn't change .
I wanted to change but finally i found a good therapist who helped me achieve my true identity and help my self esteem .
When i was younger i tried suicide because i you know they have these fundamentalist christians going around the country now starting hate campaigns toward us and really just damaging the gay youth of today .
I mean it's really disgusting .
We you know i couldn't change who i was then and i'm finally proud of what i am today .
And you know we're just really tired of people saying you know oh you want special rights .
Well you know we don't even have marriage rights .
We don't have the right to have a legal marriage between partners you know .
It's really sad .
And then you know like that gentleman stated earlier they pick the worst parts of the gay community to film you know on the parades you know people walking down the street naked and you know things like that .
Not all gay people live that way you know .
I happen to be a nurse i have a family .
It's people get the wrong picture and distort everything .
Doctor bailey is this very normal for most homosexuals the experience that she went through i guess first identifying and now the life that she's having to lead .
Yeah i've had plenty of gay and lesbian people convey similar stories about being unable to accept themselves at first until they accept the fact that they're not going to be able to change and that they're a good person anyway .
And i think it's really criminal what some therapists and for that matter religious leaders are doing to torment this segment of the population .
Eric did you have a similar experience identifying your homosexuality .
Well i didn't grow up in a christian fundamentalist family .
I come from a jewish family and my mother did suggest when i first told her that i was gay that i see a psychiatrist .
And i told her i was eighteen at the time i told her that i thought she should go to a meeting of an organization called parents and friends of lesbians and gays because she needed help .
And the fact was that i was i really needed the help at the time because i was very depressed about being gay and she needed the help because she was very depressed about the fact she had a gay kid .
But both of us were very stubborn and i wouldn't see a psychiatrist and she wouldn't go to a meeting of parents flag .
She eventually did sixteen years later .
But i think my experience is pretty typical .
I was aware of my feelings of sexual attraction from the time i was about six years old when i had my first crush on hugh <unk> and followed him around the schoolyard when my other friends male friends were having crushes on girls and following them around the schoolyard .
And at the time it seemed like a perfectly natural thing and it wasn't until later that i realized that in our society this is considered abnormal .
O. k. well we'll be right back to take more calls .
Tonight's topic is homosexuality .
Is it an inherited trait or do people choose to be gay .
We'll continue to take your phone calls and hear more on this subject from our guests tonight when c. n. n. overnight continues after this break .
We're talking about homosexuality this morning .
Is it a choice or is it something we're born with .
And we have a call from florida .
Good morning florida .
Good morning .
I would just like to say um i think c. n. n. does a fabulous job of keeping up on current events and trying to show all the different sides .
But i do have to agree with what some of the different people are stating especially some of the the one caller about how we're portrayed .
Everything seems to be portrayed as just sexuality .
That's not the whole extent of what we're about .
That's i think why we don't even like the terminology of homosexuality anymore we go with gay or lesbian because it kind of reduces the term sexuality .
I mean like the first thing you were showing was us holding hands walking down the street arm in arm that kind of thing .
This is always the way we're portrayed the fundamental christian this is the way we're being portrayed to them .
O. k. doctor bailey many people do see behavior inform their attitudes regarding homosexuals or gay and lesbians accordingly .
Is that anything that could probably change .
Well in fact most i think research has shown that people who know a gay or lesbian person have much more positive attitudes toward homosexual people than people who don't know gay or lesbian people .
So i think perhaps the best thing that can happen is for people to actually come out to their friends and relatives and to show them that gay and lesbian people are just like other people .
Yeah i agree with doctor bailey .
It's very very important and it's our responsibility as gay people to come out to our friends and family and colleagues .
If we don't tell them who we are how will they know us .
And it's important for us not to stop there and simply say i'm gay .
It's important for us to let them know how we who we are and how we lead our lives which means introducing them to our friends having them over to our homes so that we're not some strange creatures who they think crawled out from under a rock .
They see that we live lives that are very much like theirs .
Our next call is from georgia .
Good morning georgia .
Good morning .
A lot of the a lot of the points that i was going to make have already been made .
I believe that it is nature with maybe just a touch of nurture involved .
Gay friends and straight friends of mine we talk about it all the time and straights are always asking me if it's something when did i choose to be a homosexual .
And it's like you kind of have to turn it around and say when did you choose to be straight it was more you can more realize the thought process involved in your first attractions and that's about all you can really come up with .
I remember it was probably around five or six such as has been stated already .
I've been out to my family since i was seventeen eighteen years old .
We talk about it on a general basis it's just a common fact my son is gay .
Eric would you like to comment on that .
Well i i i'm glad i like hearing that it your call that the caller came out at an early age and it's discussed with his friends and family .
But as far as the experience of understanding your sexual orientation or experiencing sexual orientation i hear this over and over and over again from people all across the country .
This is how they experienced their orientation .
And it is helpful to say to your friends your straight friends when they ask when did you choose to be gay when did you choose to be straight .
What was your experience of growing up straight and suddenly when you turn it around and make people look at it in that way they can understand that your experience of growing up and understanding your sexual feelings is very much the same .
Doctor bailey the other half of our question this morning is nurture .
How do you nurture someone into being a homosexual .
Nobody has the slightest idea what if any environmental <unk> influence sexual orientation .
I should modify that a little .
We do know that environment must matter in some cases because you can often have identical twins who have different sexual orientations .
But we don't know whether the environment that matters is a social environment or a biological environment .
It certainly could be the latter .
Our next call is from california .
Good morning california .
Hi .
Hi .
Go ahead please .
I was just going to say that this seems like one of the many issues that people oversimplify too much on either side because of whatever ax they may have to grind .
And it seems like whenever there's an argument about whether it's environment or genetics that determines some complex behavioral trait the answer's always that it's both in unpredictable amounts in different individuals .
And the evidence in this study points out exactly that .
There's definite linkage to genetics but not all those that are linked turn out homosexual and not all homosexuality can be accounted for .
And it just seems like people should just kind of step back and look at the middle ground and say and get the myth out of the way .
Quickly doctor bailey would you like to respond .
Well i just think that you have to be very careful in saying that we know that for instance the social environment matters because there are some very dangerous myths like people become gay because they're seduced by other gay people or because they have distant fathers or whatever .
There's no evidence for these things .
O. k. uh marcus i'm sorry mr. marcus would you like to respond .
Oh i agree with doctor bailey and it's very important to look at the myths and dismiss them .
It's about time that we finally got rid of the old myth that gay people are child molesters that we were dropped on our heads or that our parents made us gay .
It's important to look at the facts and bury the myths .
