Democratic senator daniel patrick moynihan of new york is the chairman of the finance committee and he joins us now from capitol hill .
Welcome senator moynihan .
I don't know whether you just heard but vice president gore was saying in that report from bob franken that it was .
Inconceivable .
Inconceivable .
That's right that this conference committee won't come to an agreement .
Would agree you with him .
I absolutely agree .
The issue as chairman rostenkowski has said is can we govern now a nation that's been here as long as we have been under the constitutional arrangements we have has proven it can govern .
It's up against a test .
It is unlike any legislative test we probably have had in this century .
But we will do it because it has got to be done and in the end each of us on our side knows that and you claim that ultimate necessity .
But senator as you know there are what one hundred and some odd members of this conference committee .
You've got republicans on the one side saying they don't want any spending increase .
You've got some democrats on the other side .
We just heard from a few of them saying you've got to have more spending .
How hard is it going to be to come to a meeting of the minds .
It's not that hard .
It's almost entirely in the sub conference that will between the committee on senate committee on finance the house committee on ways and means that will meet to .
Now tell us who's in that who is that sub <unk> .
Well chairman rostenkowski on the house side .
He will name his conferees in any hour now .
Ours are ready on the senate side .
How many will that and how many people .
There'll be seven democrats six i believe republicans .
The republican senators in a perfectly you know straightforward good natured position is that they aren't going to participate .
Now that didn't mean .
You mean they're not going to sit in on the meeting .
Oh they'll be there and maybe comment but it's going to have to be a party line vote .
It was in the committee itself it was on the floor of the senate .
But the democrats have a majority .
Senator the greatest gap seems to be on this question of energy taxes .
Yeah yeah .
You said on sunday on meet the press' that you believe the final version might include a gasoline tax that's a few cents a gallon higher than the four point three cents voted on by the senate and slash or a new tax on utility use .
Do you still think that that's a possibility .
Well i certainly hope we can stay with that simple gasoline tax .
We know how to collect it you know where it's paid .
There's already fourteen point one cent tax .
No one likes to raise taxes but you have to raise revenues .
We last year in the current year finished up we are have the largest deficit in our history two hundred ninety billion dollars .
Judy i remember when lyndon johnson was going crazy around the white house or driving everyone around the white house crazy because his nineteen sixty five budget might pass for the entire government one hundred billion dollars .
We now have a deficit of two hundred ninety dollars .
It can't go on .
Well if the current gas tax scenario that comes out of the senate would raise twenty two billion dollars how many more billion are we talking about .
Are we talking about splitting the difference between what the senate voted and what the house voted with the so called btu .
That would be high .
The house had about seventy billion dollars there .
You think splitting the different at somewhere in between there is more than .
That would be we won't go that high no .
It a little bit extra a little off here a little something there .
You want to be more specific than that .
This is your chance .
I know i have this chance and i am resisting this temptation .
We're going to have to bring ourselves together .
The spirit between the house and senate ways and means and finance has just never been better .
In seventeen years i've never seen more cooperation .
Tell us just a few things you would pay for this you would use to pay for with this additional money .
Are we talking about food stamps urban enterprise zones more money for those kinds of things .
That's right .
The black caucus has indicated their interests in those issues and we share that interest .
There are technical rules that will not let us do empowerment zones on the senate side .
So we'll bring it back from conference .
We're not trying to take advantage of each other we're not trying to <unk> .
Each of us on the house and senate side mr. rostenkowski said it so clearly we know that we have to take back to our respective houses a bill that will pass and we know we have no margin no cushion and we have to have every vote we got last time and we will .
Well speaking of that as you know some house democrats and perhaps others are concerned that any increase in energy taxes are going to make the democrats vulnerable with middle class tax payers .
How do you persuade them that it's okay to raise taxes and take the heat that you're going to get from republicans for doing it .
We raised gasoline taxes a few years ago and no one ever heard a word about it .
Gasoline prices are the lowest they've been since nineteen eighteen in real terms .
The price <unk> at the pump more than any tax we're thinking about during the course of normal price changes in the year .
Now listen it's grown up time .
We have a two hundred ninety billion dollar deficit .
The interest we are now paying on that three trillion dollars of debt we added in the last twelve years .
That's almost the equal of the deficit itself .
Interest is we're borrowing money to pay interest .
Is there any american household that knows you can't get away with that .
But senator what about the notions that maybe you don't raise gas taxes as much as fuel taxes but instead you put a little bit of higher even higher income tax rate on the upper income .
We're doing i think a pretty dramatic thing there .
Eighty percent of the revenue in the income tax changes in the senate bill which is the largest part of the senate bill eighty percent of it comes from households with two hundred thousand dollars a year or more .
I'm sorry seventy percent .
Eighty percent from one hundred thousand dollars a year or more .
There's not going to be any tax increase felt by people in the lower ranges .
People under twenty thousand dollars will have a tax cut .
Just quickly senator i want to ask you a real quick question .
That is that there were reports today that the administration may be holding back if this new deficit forecast because the picture may be a little bit more rosier which would take some of the incentive away for cutting the deficit so much .
Have you heard anything about this that you can confirm .
If anybody's watching me in the view of the budget tell them to knock it off .
I mean we're trying to play this straight .
No rosy scenarios .
No hidden reports .
We have a huge problem and now is the three weeks in which we're finally going to face it .
All right .
Well senator daniel patrick moynihan we thank you for being with us .
Thank you judy .
We'll be right back with more inside politics .
The interim policy on gays serving in the military expires tomorrow and there's no indication when president clinton will announce a permanent one .
More on this issue tomorrow on inside politics .
Republican senator dan coats of indiana will join us .
He's threatening to write the military gay ban into law .
We'll also talk with gay rights advocate and clinton campaign adviser david mixner .
That's all for this edition of inside politics .
Thank you for watching .
Welcome back partner .
Thanks very much .
How about moynihan saying knock it off to the people of the budget bureau .
I'm bernard shaw .
And i'm judy woodruff .
