As we mentioned even though the president is doing everything he can to fix and to focus attention on the economy his search for an attorney general still dominates the headlines .
From the white house c. n. n.'s wolf blitzer .
On the day that president clinton tried to get his domestic economic agenda back on track he was asked whether women are being subjected to a double standard in his cabinet selection process .
Absolutely not .
For one thing this issue was never an issue it never occurred to anyone to make it an issue until zoe baird voluntarily disclosed it .
So no one knew so no one was subjected to a double standard .
Still feeling the political heat from his failure to find a new attorney general he's asked two of his campaign veterans political consultants james carvel and paul begala to assist him in public relations damage control .
Well i'm just going to try to help out with some political things for a short time .
I mean i don't think it's anything very formal or official or very long term .
After withdrawing the nomination of zoe baird as attorney general a <unk> the expected nomination of new york federal judge kimba wood both because they had hired illegal aliens to work in their homes the president is promising it won't happen again .
I think everybody will do what they're supposed to do .
You can be certain that the law will be complied with in all instances .
On sunday commerce secretary ron brown confirmed he too paid back taxes for domestic help insisting he was unaware of the initial obligation .
This was an issue that we've all became <unk> to after the zoe baird case .
There's a law that i think a lot of people were not aware of all the implications of the law relating to social security taxes prior to the zoe baird case but now we are aware of it and cabinet officials are expected to comply .
Throughout the washington bureaucracy senior officials are now being asked whether they have a so called zoe baird problem .
I don't think i've every hired any domestic help to be honest with you .
I certainly i don't think i ever have never had to frankly and i've always done my own <unk> .
You can come to my house and see .
Like all other appointees secretary christopher was asked to the best of his knowledge had he violated any law with the exception of traffic tickets i gather was the way the question was put .
His answer to that was number .
As far as finding a new attorney general is concerned president clinton's aides are saying he's still looking but they expect an announcement very soon .
Frank .
Wolf some people are suggesting that the next thing we're going to be looking for is whether people have gotten dog licenses just to make their pets legal .
Some suggest this is getting out of hand .
How is president clinton and the others in the white house how are they dealing with this and what it's the impact it's having on their message .
Well they're clearly very frustrated by all of this and there is a sense that a lot of these technical violations are being blown out of all proportion .
Indeed george stephanopoulos at a briefing earlier today suggested that this regulation that if someone has paid fifty dollars or more during a quarter or three months' period that the employer has to withhold social security taxes that that was a law that was passed in the fifties and it's time to take another look at that regulation .
Meanwhile serious business is going <unk> at least in detail over at justice .
What's slipping through the cracks and what's the word on when an attorney general may be nominated .
Well there's no <unk> general and a lot of decisions that have to be made is in terms of filing appeals for various cases and moving forward on the daily matters of the justice department they're simply not being made pending an attorney general and there's not going to be a number two or a number three until there's a number one .
So there's a lot of pressure on the white house to come forward they want this over with as quickly as possible because as long as there's no attorney general these kinds of peripheral matters these kinds of problems are going to be hanging over the white house and they want to move on with the domestic economic issues .
In a word still looking for a woman .
They're still looking for a woman now perhaps more than ever because of all of these allegations that there's a double standard and women are being penalized as opposed to men .
