This is sure to be one of the most closely watched trials in american history .
C. n. n.'s robert vito has a look at the judge whose job it'll be to watch over what happens in the courtroom .
I'm assigning the case to judge lance ito .
Los angeles superior court judge lance ito a career district attorney before being appointed to the bench .
He is a well respected judge .
He is known as a guy who will call it fairly .
It was a real mystery who would be assigned to the o. j. simpson murder case and a real surprise when ito was assigned to it because his name wasn't even included among the nine judges who were being considered .
And in court there was a disclosure about ito's background that some believed might prompt defense attorneys to ask that ito be disqualified .
But they didn't .
Judge ito is married to a captain on the los angeles police department .
She is assigned to the <unk> forgery unit .
He makes this disclosure and in the event that either side desires him to do so no affidavit will be required on the request of either side he will recuse himself from handling this matter .
Are you in a position to state a position on that at this time mr. shapiro or would you wish to have a few minutes to confer with your colleagues .
Judge ito is a choice that is acceptable to us .
Judge ito will be acceptable to the people as well .
Judge ito is married to the highest ranking female officer in the l. a. p. d. .
He's forty three years old a university of california berkeley law school graduate and he is a member of the japanese american bar association .
Judge ito is no stranger to high profile cases .
It was ito who presided over the trial of charles keating junior the former owner of lincoln savings and loan the most notorious case to emerge from the nation's savings and loan debacle .
He's not merely an umpire he'll see that justice is done but he's surely going to allow these attorneys to try their case without too much interference .
In a legal publication that <unk> ito he was referred to as a minimalist judge who drew high marks for his low keyed but controlled handling of the keating case .
Keating was convicted of <unk> lincoln investors .
Ito sentenced him to the maximum ten years in state prison .
Ito said the maximum term was justified by <unk> <unk> in defrauding customers .
One of the prosecutors in that case was william hodgman the same william hodgman who is a prosecutor in the o. j. simpson murder case .
I don't think that because these two have worked together that there will be any favoritism shown to the prosecution .
Excellent choice .
Excellent choice .
Why is that .
Because he's one of the finest judges in the state of california .
Legal experts had said that the simpson case needed a judge who was really smart really patient and with a reputation for being fair someone who's <unk> and not known as seeking publicity and who works well under pressure .
And those legal experts now say the o. j. simpson murder case got the trial judge it needed .
Robert vito c. n. n. los angeles .
Coming up on the world today putting today's events in the o. j. simpson case in perspective .
