Linda wertheimer finishes trip across middle america .
Today linda wertheimer completes her week of traveling west along route fifty through the center of the nation .
She's been stopping along the way to talk to americans about their lives and about what they think of government and president clinton's first three months in office .
She's found most people want to give the president a chance but they concerned about the economy and how it affects them .
She also met some children in colorado who don't have politics on their mind at all .
But first a stop at a farm in kansas .
We're just outside of hutchinson kansas .
We've <unk> the rainy weather it went east as we went west .
Things look different in kansas the land is black the roads are straight and the horizon is a long way off .
Bob bacon farms on either side of route fifty .
Farms what what do you do .
My father and i farm two thousand three hundred acres of dry land wheat milo or grain sorghum and corn .
In the winter we do feeder <unk> that will go to to the feed lot in the spring time .
Have you been making a good living farming .
Well i've got two nice kids and a nice wife and a nice family but financially i would say don't go into agriculture if you want to make a lot of money .
When you look back at washington and the government in washington from kansas which is the home of the leader of the opposition in the senate what do you think about that white marble city back there .
Oh kind of live mosquitoes on a hot summer day they can suck you dry or they can leave you alone so sometimes i don't like washington d. c. at all and there's other times their they're providing a very valuable asset to us out here .
Do you think about much what's going on back there .
Oh i think of it all the time .
Agriculture is a very global economy and so what happens in argentina what happens in russia has a lot more to do with what happens the next county over .
So if we don't help russia which is a current topic in washington i'm in deep trouble .
So i'm very concerned about what happens in washington d. c. .
What do you think about what is happening in washington d. c. .
Oh politics is a game and it's a game that has to be played .
I wish we'd work together a little more than we do at times .
If we'd all together i think sometimes we could accomplish our goal a lot faster .
What would you like to see people working together on .
What are the where would you like to see people get to .
Well i think a lot of times we don't know where we want to go .
Everybody there's so many special interest any more and we all want our thing .
I would say i'm not exuberant but i am optimistic that bill clinton will do the job that we want him to do .
Did you vote for him .
Yes don't tell anybody .
I'm on the republican central committee here in reno county but i was very disillusioned with what george bush was doing so i voted for bill clinton .
You think you might make a habit of doing something like that .
Well it was the first time i ever voted democrat but if he does a good job and and focuses on the long term yes i would vote for bill clinton again .
Well thank you very much for talking to us .
Thank you very much .
Come on out .
Bob bacon who farms for six miles did you tell me .
Yeah east of hutchinson we farm on both sides of the highway for about six miles .
We had better get back on that road and head west .
We're trying to get to colorado before dark .
You'll make it eight hours .
It is just about a day's work to cross kansas on route fifty .
As the road goes west the land slips out to the edges of the sky and the grain elevators are the largest landmarks by far .
Route fifty crosses the arkansas river and beginning about dodge city the road follows the river to colorado which is where we are now .
We're at the john martin reservoir .
There's an immense <unk> dam built to catch the water of the arkansas to irrigate farms to the east .
Below the dam there's a campground and we found the fourth graders of <unk> elementary school from colorado springs .
They're here for a class outing .
Visits to a museum an old fort on the santa fe trail and they're having a camp out here .
The kids had crafts and games until the wind finally died down and then they did just what we hoped they would .
The kids had <unk> roasting marshmallows on coat hanger wires and when they were finally persuaded into their tents they wanted ghost stories .
To us telling ghost stories is kind of fun .
We sort of have one on the golden arm cops or something i don't know but it's about golden who lost my golden arm or something .
It's called the man who lost his golden arm in the graveyard .
You like scary stories .
Yeah i don't like too scary ones because then i get under the covers and like oooh don't tell them any more .
And i get really scared and i just go to sleep .
What about you .
I like scary stories really scary stories .
Why do suppose that is .
It just makes you feel good inside about it make you scared it makes you have chills .
So what do you think about being in a tent in the middle of a campground with all the stars and everything outside .
You're not scared .
Number .
Number .
Let me ask you to tell me what your what your big plan for the future is .
First of all i want you to tell me your name and then i want you to tell me what your big plan is .
Jessica <unk> .
And what's your big plan for the future .
Jessica i want to be sort of singer not too much but then i want to be like going to country stuff and doing dances in front of the whole people that's watching and stuff .
What about you .
My name is <unk> <unk> and i want to be a pro soccer player or a doctor .
And what about you .
Your name .
Shannon <unk> .
Shannon have you given any thought to making a big plan for the future .
Be a psychiatrist or <unk> i don't know how to say it .
<unk> <unk> <unk> .
Is that what your mommy is .
Number .
That's what you want to be .
Yeah .
Psychiatrist .
Um hmm .
O. k. so i've been on a long long trip and i'm going to go home tomorrow .
When are you guys going to go home .
Tomorrow .
I hope you have a good time .
We will .
And i hope you have a good really scary story to tell tonight .
We'll be turning off route fifty fairly soon now .
We did talk to some of the parents who were not so sure about the world their kids will inherit and though they did say things seem to be going pretty well right now with their schools and their jobs .
We heard that kind of cautious optimism from many people along route fifty .
A sense that slowly things are turning around .
We began the week in chillicothe ohio at breakfast in the crispy cream donut shop talking about jobs .
Although the industrial base is not what it was in the fifty's there are more jobs there now than there were last year .
In indiana we met may flora who has no confidence that the government could make health care less costly .
But she is sure that anyone who comes into her beauty shop leaves looking much better .
Doctor bob einhorn in <unk> illinois said he treasures personal relationships with his patients and hopes health care reform won't change that .
Sitting around a kitchen table in missouri we heard that people are prepared to be more patient with president clinton than politicians and the press have been .
<unk> of people told us that .
We'll remember places too woods filled with red bud and dogwood the stone quarry where the empire state building used to be the useful cemetery in missouri .
We're inside of the rocky mountains now .
There's still a lot of snow up there .
We'll leave route fifty in pueblo and head for home .
I'm linda wertheimer in colorado .
I'm noah adams .
And i'm robert siegel .
