In california a decision to pull the writings of two award winning authors has caused a storm of controversy .
Critics are accusing the state of censorship .
C. n. n.'s don knapp with the story .
Critics say the california board of education caved in to special interest groups and censored literature .
The board <unk> pulitzer prize winning author alice walker's writings from a state achievement test after religious conservatives objected to walker's themes .
Some of the stories touch on subjects such as environmentalism gun control and the traditional institution of marriage .
In more than a few stories children are characterized as fatherless alone and unwanted .
Censorship allegations come from several teachers organizations civil libertarians and walker supporters .
Both sides squared off at a state board of education hearing in sacramento .
What we have here is a massive breach of integrity committed by those who are too eager to assist the traditional values coalition and other radical right wing organizations .
Education officials denied censoring walker's story of woman who questioned her religion and a story that may have been interrupted as anti meat eating .
That seemed to violate in the view at that time those rural children their family's occupation if they read it that way .
Critics say the state board also removed pulitzer prize winner annie <unk> story of a <unk> fight supposedly because it was too violent .
But state officials said they dropped <unk> and walker's stories because the controversy and published reports about it made them too well known to include on exams .
Governor pete wilson was drawn into what could be a politically damaging controversy after an aide told supporters the governor supported the board's action .
Wilson said he was misinterpreted .
There should not be censorship either of test materials or of <unk> materials and that's it period .
Still walker says she won't accept an award for literature the governor had planned to give her later this month .
The board won't reinstate the stories on this year's exams but says it will be more open minded in the future .
This does not please religious conservatives .
And we're going to be here every month and we're going to make sure that those that kind of material that is religiously offensive that is promoting animal rights which is a political thrust is not going to be in a controlled test .
The board says that works of alice walker and annie dillard will be back in the testing pool in the future and no doubt more widely by california students than ever before .
