We're interrupting this story to go live to admiral mike boorda commander of nato's southern forces .
He's speaking in naples about today's action over bosnia .
This contact was heading south at about two hundred eighty knots .
The airborne early warning aircraft <unk> two nato deny flight fighters united states f. sixteens toward the track .
And you can see they came up from the south from the vicinity of mostar .
The lead fighter reported radar contact and then requested permission to descend to get a visual identification in accordance with our procedures and that permission was granted .
The fighter then reported visual contact with two aircraft which he identified as <unk> .
And then shortly thereafter with four more <unk> who were flying ahead of the two he first saw .
At oh five three five the nato airborne early warning aircraft in accordance with our procedures issued warnings to the violators to land or exit the airspace immediately or be engaged .
No response was noted by the <unk> aircraft .
At oh five four two the fighters again warned the <unk> in accordance with our procedures and no response was noted .
At oh five four three and you can imagine this was all happening very quickly .
At oh five four three permission to engage the violating <unk> was granted .
And just prior to the engagement the flight leader of the nato fighters saw the <unk> make a bombing maneuver and then he saw explosions on the ground .
We have received unconfirmed and i stress at this time they're still unconfirmed reports from the united nations forces command in yugoslavia former yugoslavia that facilities in this vicinity were allegedly hit by as many as eight bombs perhaps more one of which hit a storage facility and another a hospital .
More information on this report will come from the united nations command when and if they are able to confirm it .
But it does appear that what our pilots saw corresponds exactly with this report .
At oh five four five oh five four five greenwich mean time the lead nato fighter aircraft fired an <unk> one hundred twenty missile and destroyed one <unk> .
At oh five four seven this same nato fighter fired another missile and destroyed the second aircraft .
At oh five four eight the same nato fighter the flight lead of the two that had been <unk> up from the area of mostar fired another missile and destroyed a third aircraft .
At this time two other nato fighters that were operating in the vicinity were <unk> in by the nato airborne early warning aircraft to provide support .
At oh five five oh again greenwich mean time the leader of the second nato flight fired a missile and downed the fourth <unk> .
At oh five five nine the two remaining <unk> exited the airspace over bosnia herzegovina and we did not pursue them .
We have a short tape from the aircraft which downed the first three of four <unk> .
The first two missile firings that you're going to see don't show the impacts with the target aircraft as the pilot was shifting from the target that he engaged to the next target he was going to engage .
His final shot the third one does show and you have to look very closely and general <unk> will point it out to you but it does show the <unk> that comes from the explosion .
Could you turn that off for one minute .
Okay .
Turn it off for a minute .
Jim .
That's great .
Thank you .
Okay so the final one you'll be able to see the explosion .
I want to say in closing that our nato pilots have been enforcing the no fly zone since april of nineteen ninety three and they've carried out their mission today in accordance with the u. n. security council resolution and in strict compliance with our established procedures .
We hope that this will be the final such incident in a tragic war .
Nato will continue to enforce the no fly resolution and we will continue to operate in other missions in support of the united nations forces who are working to reach an end to the violence in this troubled area .
So now for the second time if you'd please start the tape and then after you see this we'll take a few questions .
As the admiral said this is the first engagement .
This happens to be a missile firing of the advanced medium range air to air missile .
You see a lot of <unk> on the aircraft head up display .
This happens to be the air speed which is about almost five hundred knots .
The missile just fired .
And you can't tell too much of it coming off of the rail here .
O. k. this happens to be the second one and as the admiral also said you can't see the impact point .
This happens to be an a nine heat seeking missile infrared missile .
And if you look closely you'll be able to see the impact of the third on right there .
There it was right there .
As the admiral said you can't see it very closely .
Those tapes as you can imagine all of that took place very quickly for the pilot .
And as he was shooting at one target he came off that went to the other target and so his goal was not to produce good pictures but to execute his mission and get home safely which he did very well .
All right .
Well general <unk> and general <unk> and i will be happy to take some questions and captain mitchell will point out who the questioner will be .
O. k. .
Admiral john from the new york times .
Hello john .
Is this the first time that any of these <unk> planes have been ever sighted over the restricted area .
Yes .
Have been engaged .
We had some reports a very short flights .
About every month or so the airfield at banja luka usually has some <unk> on it and about every month or so for a long time they would take the <unk> off the airfield and they would take airplanes out there and run them up and down to do maintenance but not fly them .
We did have a report or two last year that they had done very short flights but we didn't see any of those and they were never confirmed .
But this is clearly the first time that we have seen fixed wing aircraft flying over bosnia since the no fly zone has been enforced since april of nineteen ninety three .
Next question .
Right here .
Admiral john moody from time magazine .
Tom .
You mentioned the bombing the apparent bombing maneuver which the planes undertook .
It's somewhat hypothetical but had the pilot not seen these supposed bombing maneuvers would he probably have gotten the authorization to engage nonetheless .
He would have engaged nonetheless .
These were attack aircraft violating the no fly zone and he would have engaged them because they were not obeying the warnings and they were not leaving .
And then their actions clearly showed they weren't doing that .
But he would have engaged them in any event .
O. k. .
Back here .
Admiral <unk> frye b. b. c. .
I have two short questions .
The first one is just a confirmation .
Is this was this the first time that the no fly zone had been violated since the enforcement in april of last year .
There have been helicopter violations and we have dealt with those in the approved way .
I won't go into our rules of engagement .
We've talked to the warring factions about those .
But this is the first time we've seen fixed wing violations clearly offensive aircraft being used here .
And we reacted exactly as we told them that we would .
Had such a fixed wing violation taken place let's say four months ago would you have shot down the planes as well .
Yes .
Right here .
France press .
Can you tell us the number of helicopter violations and also if you have been able to identify this planes you've shot down .
Are they bosnian serbs or serbs .
Right now i cannot tell you who owned these aircraft .
There is certainly a feeling but it's only a feeling .
We picked the track up near banja luka and then we <unk> the aircraft to it .
So one would conclude from that that they might be bosnian serbs .
But we didn't see the aircraft <unk> close enough to do that .
We saw the aircraft doing something in violation and so we acted as we said we would .
Some local cable operators will be cutting away for a commercial message at this time .
C. n. n.'s live coverage of admiral mike <unk> news conference about the aerial dog fight over bosnia today continues .
No i'm sorry i don't have the exact number but it is in the hundreds .
But they are all helicopters and they have been involved in ferrying people in civilian clothes doing some <unk> .
And we've had reports of other things but nothing like what we're talking about today .
The serb pilots are safe after the shooting after the fighting .
I'm sorry .
Could you repeat that .
I like to know the situation about the enemy the pilots the serb pilots after the fighting .
We did not see any pilots eject or any chutes in the area .
That doesn't mean that they didn't do that .
It means that our pilots did not see it .
Yes hi .
Sue <unk> from stars and stripes .
Where do you think that we stand now .
I mean after the ultimatum came and went and nothing happened and then just a couple of days after we started with seeing these violations what do you think that's saying now .
Well i think these are really two different things .
The work that is being done in bosnia hercegovina by the united nations protection force the work that we have done in coordination with them .
For viewers <unk> us following a local commercial break c. n. n. is bringing you live coverage of a news conference from naples by admiral mike boorda commander of nato southern forces on today's shoot down of four apparently bosnian serb planes over bosnia .
We remind you that for a general update of the day's news you can tune to headline news .
And we return to our live coverage .
Not to violate again .
That would be a reasonable way to take this .
Mr. <unk> from il <unk> would like to ask this morning in sarajevo the serbs attacked with tanks that had been kept hidden from the united nations a violation of the ultimatum .
What do you intend to do .
No that's not really true .
The serbs did not attack with tanks in sarajevo today or yesterday or the day before that .
There was some tank movement and general rose did a good job of taking control of that and taking control of the tanks just as he is supposed to do .
There has been no firing by serb tanks in sarajevo today that i know of and i don't believe there's been any .
Paul hanson reuters admiral .
I have two brief questions .
The first is can you tell us whether the u. s. s. saratoga has stopped its port call as a result of this operation .
And the second question is what would be your message to any of the warring factions if they were to consider a response to the downing of these four planes towards u. n. peacekeepers on the ground .
Well let me say first about saratoga that she's been in the mediterranean for a while and we wanted to get her in port for about four days .
We're going to make that three days .
And she will get underway to give us some more capability .
However i feel we have plenty of capability right now .
It just seemed a prudent thing to do .
And so shortly she will be underway .
With respect to what message would i send to the warring factions i think we sent that message a long time ago .
Violations of the no fly zone like we saw today will simply not be tolerated .
And if we can engage we will engage .
And that's what we did .
Brian murphy from the associated press .
Are there plans to send ground forces into the area where the planes were shot down to try to determine exactly who was flying them .
The united nations protection force is in charge on the ground and even our air operations are fully coordinated with them .
I talked to general <unk> this morning on this issue .
And they will do as best they can .
They will do the work here to verify the things i've told you .
They do not have total freedom of movement in that part of the country .
Mr. <unk> from would also like to ask if counter air missiles were sent against nato planes from serbian territory or if nato planes were attacked by serbian planes would nato consider serbian territory then as an objective to be attacked in accordance with the u. n. security council resolution eight hundred sixteen .
Any aircraft that fly in bosnia herzegovina that are unauthorized and ignore the warnings are in violation and we will follow the procedures .
Beyond that i think it would be improper for me to comment about what nato or the united nations might or might not do .
Can you give us an update on the heavy weapons around sarajevo .
Are they all under u. n. control .
There are no weapons that we know of that are not in control either turned in or out of the area around sarajevo .
There are some weapons that general rose is moving and getting even .
<unk> control of but i have talked to them and they believe that process is going very well .
We are providing them with air support and we're also providing them with a great deal of airborne reconnaissance to help them solidify and consolidate what they're doing on the ground .
There have been a lot of reports .
Sometimes the reporters don't know what they're seeing because it's a weapon that is disabled perhaps or a weapon he does have under control .
And of course the factions themselves put out various reports for their own reasons .
But i've talked to him .
I've talked to general <unk> and mr. akashi and i think it's going very well there .
Admiral two brief questions .
One who gave the actual authorization for firing in this particular case .
And secondly do we know which groups have aircraft of this type at their disposal whether only the serbs or serbs and croatians or who might have aircraft of this type at their disposal .
I'll talk about the first part .
And because general <unk> came i'll let him talk about the second part .
But let me say that our rules of engagement are not something i'm going to talk about here but we have authorized commanders within the nato force .
We have very simple to use and well thought out rules of engagement and they were followed precisely today .
About the kinds of aircraft in the area i'll turn that over to general <unk> .
The aircraft the <unk> is located here at banja luka .
There are ten of them .
And there's another airfield over here in the krajina that has some of these aircraft located there .
There are others here in serbia so those are the entities that have these aircraft .
So only the serb side has inaudible .
Yes .
Admiral it's not always possible to know what another military person is thinking but in your estimation was the intrusion of air space a test of nato resolve .
I don't know .
If it was a test i think we passed a quiz .
I hope that there is also a lesson learned .
When you take a test you get a critique at the end .
And the critique here is that you really ought not to violate the no fly zone .
Admiral just to clarify were your planes engaged in any way either from the ground or by the <unk> .
There was no indication that their aircraft were trying to shoot down our aircraft no .
That's the last question .
Okay .
What i would like to do first of all i'd like to thank you for coming .
And i know there is a good deal of there are a good number of people here from the italian media and i asked general <unk> if he would stay and with you in italian perhaps answer any questions that you would like to facilitate you using that information this afternoon and this evening .
