Women's health issues largely excluded from studies .
Is there equality between the sexes .
Not when it comes to medical treatment .
For example heart disease is the leading killer of american men as well as women but most treatment in women is based on studies done in middle aged white men .
Women should never have not been included in clinical trials .
Until this year the u. s. food and drug administration would not allow studies to include women of child bearing age .
Women should never have to take medications that have only been investigated in middle aged men .
Physicians are more likely to assume women's symptoms are due to emotional rather than physical causes .
Women should never have to be third and fourth and fifth class citizens when it comes to health care .
The nineteen sixty's in america a turbulent time a time of dramatic change .
Another movement was under way .
Women began sharing experiences about their health to <unk> their bodies and raise consciousness .
Some discoveries reflected available medical information but there were huge gaps .
The concept was shared with women around the world and the first feminist women's health centers were formed .
This feminist women's health center in atlanta is one of thirteen in the country .
Today they still offer women health services in a female controlled setting .
Hello .
I'm rhonda rowland .
This book our bodies ourselves is considered a typical self help book today but when it was first published in nineteen seventy three it was revolutionary .
Many believed this book and these centers marked the beginning of the women's health movement though some disagree and as we'll show you there's still a long way to go .
The year is nineteen ninety .
A u. s. government study finds women are largely excluded from scientific studies .
Even though the national institutes of health had a policy to include women as subjects many researchers didn't know about it .
That year the office of research on women's health was established at n. i. h. .
Many believe these events signaled the start of the women's health movement .
Unfortunately we're at the beginning .
I believe of course that the women's health movement should never have had to start because there should never have been gender disparity .
The women's health movement is all about ridding american medicine of gender discrimination .
What you can do is to define gender discrimination as what happened when american medicine was built on a male model of disease .
Was it that no one thought that women would get sick or needed to be diagnosed and treated with medications .
I don't know why we we meaning we women have waited so long to speak up and ask for what we have a right to know and that is what are the right answers about our body .
What exactly is women's health .
Advocates say it's still evolving but the government's definition only focuses on diseases or conditions unique more prevalent or more serious in women .
The word man or men doesn't appear anywhere in the definition and yet it's there behind every phrase .
She says how it's ultimately defined can determine which studies get funded .
Dan feels issues critical to women such as domestic violence rape and problems resulting from low self esteem need to be included .
Self esteem is one of the clear gender differences .
We know that women don't think of themselves don't value themselves as much as men from somehow learn to do .
The health of a woman to me means that she's got spirit good mental capabilities good bodily functions .
So how can women get these needs met .
Some advocates believe a new medical specialty like that for internal medicine or pediatrics is the answer .
A single physician who's trained to handle all of a woman's health needs .
Doctor karen johnson a san francisco psychiatrist is leading this movement .
We have to really mainstream women's health make sure that it's an integral part of the curriculum .
The best way to do that is create a specialty .
If we don't have a specialty in women's health we do not have women's health in medicine .
All of the medical specialties are men's specialties except for ob slash gyn which is still very much of a male model specialty in terms of how it views women .
Those opposed to a new specialty say there wouldn't be enough of these new physicians to go around and argue it would marginalize women's health create another poorly paid specialty and absolve other physicians from learning about women's health .
We still need to address the fragmentation of women's health and we still need to make sure that every medical specialist or <unk> is knowledgeable about women's health and sensitive to women's health needs and concerns .
A specialty .
I don't know but certainly we need quality health care for women and there are those of us who are working very hard to accomplish that .
The best way to deliver women's health care is still being debated but women's health leaders say female patients also have a responsibility .
They need to ask questions get second opinions and be informed .
When we return medical students help fuel the fire for a new curriculum .
