The world trade treaty known as g. a. t. t. may not be dead but it is certainly in legislative cold storage .
House republicans delivered another stinging body blow to the president's legislative initiative by delaying a vote on the trade pact until november twenty ninth .
Now the trade treaty is widely expected to pass when it finally reaches the house floor but politics playing a hand in its delay .
Republicans are unwilling to hand the president a political victory so close to the midterm elections and democrats are unable to force the vote .
Bob franken has more from washington .
The house democrats badly wanted to pass g. a. t. t. this week to leave town with some shred of success .
House republicans were determined not to let .
Mr. speaker it appears that the administration's legislative strategy has been to confuse the opposition by having no discernible strategy at all .
They've done it so well that friends and foes alike have been confused .
G. a. t. t. was supposed to be easy .
The massive world trade agreement was supposed to have bipartisan support but it also had bipartisan opposition .
In the senate it was democrat fritz hollings who forced a delay until november thirtieth and finally house democrats were also forced into a delay until after election day .
In a joint letter the house leaders from both parties said in our view attempting to pass the legislation in the current atmosphere will weaken the strong bipartisan spirit we want to see for final passage .
The house will vote the day before the senate on november twenty ninth .
The white house expressed disappointment that the house of representatives had delayed the g. a. t. t. vote .
All day long the president could only watch events unfold .
I would expect the people who have always supported it to support it and there to be majority support for it .
We'll continue to push it .
Of course there was also opposition to a lame duck session .
Not one hundred members who are no longer members who don't have any accountability to the people who can succumb to political pressure if they choose to do so for whatever reason without any accountability to the electorate in this country .
It's just wrong .
It's too bad we couldn't do it immediately but let's remember the basic arguments are for the united states when we take it up in late november .
That's late november after the election when g. a. t. t. advocates hope the atmosphere will have improved enough to allow congress to accomplish something which is next to impossible right now .
