Peru's maoist guerrillas did not take long to launch a terrorist response to the capture of their leader <unk> <unk> .
Suspected shining path guerrillas are believed to be responsible for a car bomb explosion just outside the capital today .
At least eight people were injured and several cars destroyed .
Authorities also blame the rebel group of the killing of a policeman today in lima .
The violence comes one day after peruvian authorities nabbed the man president alberto <unk> once described as a <unk> genius .
The founder of the shining path guerrilla movement was arrested late saturday night in a lima suburb .
The arrest is a major victory for the government but authorities are warning the people of peru to expect more terrorist attacks .
<unk> is expected to be tried for treason and faces a life sentence without pardon .
C. n. n.'s lucia newman is in lima .
She joins us now on the phone with the latest on the story .
Lucia will <unk> arrest undermine the confidence of the shining path guerrillas .
Yes jim it's very possible that this is well it's almost sure that this is a tremendous psychological blow to the members of the shining path .
However the organization is very highly organized and as a maoist group it's undoubtedly had a contingency plan for this .
Experts say that they are already beginning to reorganize and there's fear that once they have organized they will launch a major offensive to prove that they're still a force to be reckoned with .
Jim .
Well lucia there is then a fear that <unk> arrest will spark some kind of retaliation .
Could it spark an all out war similar to the deadly drug wars in columbia .
Jim there's a very big difference between peru and columbia .
This country is already in an all out war .
I think the general feeling here is that things could not get really much worse than they were .
Since president <unk> shut down congress in april and declared his one man rule terrorist attacks by the shining path have intensified .
There've been car bombings and many more deaths than there were before that .
I think most people are willing to stick it out .
They believe that the arrest of <unk> had to happen and that the blow psychologically and perhaps in an organizational way as well to the shining path guerrilla movement is more important .
Lucia how long is it going to take for the terrorists to regroup and perhaps escalate these attacks .
I don't i think they've already are regrouping .
Nobody can say for sure .
It's a very secretive movement .
That's what's made them so successful .
There are only about five thousand members in arms but they have tens of thousands of supporters around the capital and all over the country .
Just how well organized they are is something we'll be able to see in the following days and weeks .
Jim .
Thank you lucia .
