The white house goes into quick response mode after a c. i. a. official is charged with spying for moscow even after the fall of the u. s. s. r. .
The president calls it a very serious case .
Will it spell trouble for his administration and its relationship with russia .
And petitions and the usual political posturing help launch the senate debate over a balanced budget amendment .
We'll explore the positions and strategy of supporters and opponents .
It's all part of inside politics after this business news update .
This is inside politics with bernard shaw and judy woodruff in washington .
Thanks very much for joining us .
From the recent <unk> of the big guns in sarajevo to the cuts in the pentagon budget president clinton has to a large degree <unk> on the improved relations with russia to carry out his agenda .
But today the moscow slash washington connection is frayed by an alleged case of espionage reminiscent of the cold war .
We call in our senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer .
Bernie a c. i. a. official and his wife were arrested and charged with espionage on behalf of the soviet union and since its demise russia .
Arraigned in u. s. district court in northern in a northern virginia suburb today were rick ames forty two years old a former chief of a soviet counterintelligence unit at the c. i. a. and his wife maria forty one years old .
Among other things they're accused of taking one and one half dollars million from the k. g. b. and its successor organization .
A justice department complaint charges that mr. ames started spying for the soviet union in nineteen eighty five that he provided top secret information including of the most sensitive nature specifically names of u. s. intelligence sources in russia and the former soviet union .
President clinton took the unusual step of speaking out on the matter earlier today .
I know that all of you have been informed about the arrest of the c. i. a. employee and his wife for espionage .
I just want to make a couple of brief comments .
First of all i have been kept informed of this investigation for some time now .
It is a very serious case .
I congratulate the f. b. i. and the c. i. a. for the work they did in cracking it .
We'll be immediately lodging a protest to the russian government .
Ames who is fifty two years old not forty two as i just said was the investigation of him started some ten months ago and u. s. officials are now attempting to determine how much damage was actually done to u. s. national security .
The chairman of the house intelligence committee says that the damage could be very serious .
Well you had somebody working for the c. i. a. for over thirty years and during part of that time was in the most sensitive position of being head of the soviet branch of our counterintelligence bureau which is basically the group responsible for recruiting spies overseas .
And so you've got somebody who knew a lot of things knew a lot of people knew a lot of methods by which we were able to collect intelligence .
So the most sensitive of all secrets could have been passed to the soviets and perhaps later to the russians .
And so these are very serious allegations .
A former c. i. a. official who worked with ames said he was surprised by the arrest .
It's kind of like whenever someone stays up in a water tower and sprays a bunch of people with machine gun fire .
You ask the next door neighbor what he was like and they always say he was quiet unassuming nice person .
That's what rick ames is like not very <unk> a little bit retiring and withdrawn certainly not the first person that you would think of as a high roller and someone that would take such risks to his honor to his dignity and to his family .
Secretary of state warren christopher called in the russian charge <unk> here in washington to the state department earlier today to file a formal protest and the u. s. ambassador in moscow thomas <unk> did the same thing .
White house press secretary dee dee myers says we take this very seriously .
We don't like it one bit .
Bernie .
Wolf how can russian president boris yeltsin look president clinton in the eyes and call him a friend and how will this affect relations between washington and moscow .
Well there's no doubt it will affect the relationship in the short term between the united states and russia .
Though over the long term perhaps efforts will be made to try to play down this matter see it perhaps as an isolated matter something that was the result of perhaps a holdover from the bad old days of the cold war .
But there's not doubt that in this current relationship with russia receiving extensive amounts of u. s. economic assistance this could have an affect on the overall u. s. slash russian relationship .
In the next few days though we'll be able to get a better sense of how much of a problem this will really turn out to be .
I don't know whether you have the answer to this question but i am wondering is there any talk around the white house as to possibly numerically how many spies for the united states have been compromised in russia .
There's no talk about that at all here at the white house .
Over the past nine or ten years since the arrest of edward howard another former c. i. a. agent who after he left the c. i. a. began to spy for the k. g. b. and is now living in moscow since his arrest there have been some five to ten cases that have been documented of u. s. intelligence sources u. s. agents <unk> as they call it human intelligence in russia and the former soviet union who have been arrested but there could be a lot more of people that simply we don't know about .
But this is obviously goes to the heart of intelligence collection the most sensitive area compromising spies on the ground .
Okay thank you .
Wolf blitzer at the white house .
Judy .
The senate is expected to begin debate soon on a proposed amendment to the u. s. constitution that would require a balanced budget .
Senator paul simon democrat of illinois and other congressional backers of the bill gathered on capitol hill today with petitions containing about one million names of those supporting the amendment .
The white house predicts the amendment would result in higher taxes and cuts in social security and medicare benefits .
Simon says he doesn't yet have enough votes to pass the bill but he claims to have enough to block a filibuster .
Senator simon and democratic senator christopher dodd of connecticut will discuss the proposed amendment later on our show .
Planned parenthood is launching a ten million dollar campaign to try to ensure that abortion services are part of any national health care reform package .
The group says the current white house plan is the most responsive for pregnancy related services .
It's campaign will include television and print ads community forums and an effort to flood congress with mail .
The a. f. l. slash c. i. o. is also putting some financial muscle behind its support for the clinton health care plan .
The group's president lane kirkland says unions will campaign long and hard for national health care and they will back it up with as much as ten million dollars .
