It seems that almost no place is immune from crime these days but a robbery at a school in tennessee is still shocking .
Police say two young boys robbed a teacher at gun point and fled with four thousand dollars collected for student activities .
Ben watson of c. n. n. affiliate <unk> reports .
I was sitting back here collecting and writing receipts when the young man came in .
I was sitting right there .
Teacher helen jones says the young robbers came into her classroom pretending they wanted to pay dues for the upcoming prom .
I said well you all don't even go to this school .
So about that time he reached down his shirt and pulled out a gun and said i do .
Mrs. jones and her seventeen year old daughter were the only ones in the room when the twelve year old and his accomplice ran out of the classroom with jones' purse and the school's money .
Investigators say the suspects ran down these stairs and out this door to what they thought was a clean get away .
They were wrong .
Because as the robbers left mrs. jones' daughter called the office over the school intercom .
And i knew that if i could keep them in sight that we had a good chance of catching one of them because the youngest one was real slow .
Assistant principal <unk> williams says he chased the youngest robber over this fence and was catching up to the boy when the twelve year old fired his gun into the crowd .
Williams says the older suspect disappeared but using a two way radio williams kept police apprised of where the twelve year old was .
Williams followed the child over several more fences and jumped behind trees when the boy fired more shots at him .
The robbery happened just after classes let out for the day .
Students here were stunned .
It's shocking that you know a twelve year old would have a three hundred fifty seven gun or something to come up here and .
Williams says the chase ended when police officers cut the boy off .
Mrs. jones says the robbery is just another example of the urgent need to do something to turn young people away from crime .
That little boy even though that that youngster robbed me i think at some point that he might still be able to be saved .
You know if the right person gets to him he could be saved .
