The last thing anyone wants in the neighborhood is a rundown abandoned house but in a virginia suburb of washington d. c. such a house was actually welcomed .
When it was torn down this afternoon there was sadness but also some joy as dean olsher reports .
A bulldozer has been parked for several days at four thousand seven hundred forty nine old dominion drive poised to tear down a victorian farmhouse that looked as if it had been hit by an earthquake .
The facade appeared to have just slid into a hole in the ground exposing the upper rooms apparently <unk> the second story with it so that the upper floors were pitched downward at about a thirty degree angle and the <unk> seemed to be sliding down right at you but it wasn't it was stuck in the middle of the floor .
This eighty three year old house was not the victim of natural disaster human hands transformed it for a brief time into a work of art .
The house had been vacant for a year and was scheduled for demolition but received a temporary stay of execution by arlington county thanks to art attack a loose knit group of artists from various disciplines .
Peter <unk> is a sculptor .
He makes his living building houses he makes art taking them apart .
We've done three other buildings in a related fashion and we basically approach the building like a sculptor would approach a block of marble and we look at it as raw material as shape to be manipulated and right now we're on this project we were mostly interested in the manipulation of line edges colors forms .
They took the functional elements of the house and treated them as a set of aesthetic components knowing all along that their efforts were temporary .
They achieved many of the effects by removing things like the front porch .
They floated its roof upside down in a shallow pool that they dug in front of the building and they took off the facade and replaced just the top part at ground level to create the illusion that it had been pulled down like a window <unk> .
Other elements were added the windows on the second floor were shattered and then strung on fishing lines to make wind chimes a ceiling fan hung at exactly the right height to strike the exposed strings of an upright piano harp and the central <unk> extended right past the second floor bathroom through a hole in the ceiling .
Art attack was founded in los angeles fifteen years ago as a guerrilla art action group .
It then moved its base to washington d. c. and then in new york city .
The organization's buzzword is collaboration .
It's such a recurring theme that the various members have their own elaborate <unk> for the group process .
It's kind of like a jam session in a way .
We get together and basically all the decisions are made with sort of group consent and with group inspiration .
It's like an ant colony i suppose .
Alberto <unk> is a musician and arts administrator .
He's been a member of art attack for nine years .
We all get into everybody else's business .
You know i compare the group to a super organism and that's what social insects are usually called the whole <unk> is one .
We're just organs of art attack .
Lately art attack has concentrated on public installations in berlin prague and warsaw .
Often the projects generate neighborhood opposition .
We have done projects that have been a little bit controversial maybe not even as controversial as this and had neighbors who just went berserk .
Like the time in nineteen eighty six when art attack set up armies of buildings that looked like <unk> on a street in a well to do part of d. c. .
As the weeks went by the artists moved the structures closer and closer to each other .
The neighbors were not amused .
They honked their car horns and threw things .
With this project neighbors have volunteered to help .
The county government has cooperated mostly and visitors have come by to ask questions .
I live in the neighborhood and i saw in my newsletter that there was some architectural project here and i've been passing it and wondering what's happening .
Marlene <unk> a retired woman who takes art classes came by in june just as art attack was putting the final touches on the house .
You must have had fun taking it apart .
Oh we had a ball .
Cause the last time .
We had an absolute ball .
I saw this it was they had insulation on the outside of it .
It was just .
Yeah it was .
I didn't know what it was .
It looked like a dump actually until art attack made it something nice .
The neighbors seem to appreciate the group's efforts and not just because the artists <unk> the place up .
Ms. <unk> spent at least a quarter of an hour asking informed questions about how art attack achieved certain effects like the wind chimes .
That's what that is so it's just plain window glass .
It's just plain window .
Isn't it .
It's not stained glass .
No .
And yet it's so interesting .
Yeah and we're all .
Cause you have the green behind it .
Exactly .
Yeah .
The way that the trees sort of get kind of fragmented in the .
Oh it's wonderful .
Given their track record peter <unk> and albert <unk> are a little surprised by how smoothly things have gone here .
I think maybe the most ominous thing of all is that maybe this means this people accepting us and stop maybe it means becoming mainstream .
I don't know it's kind of a dangerous thing for it to happen to us i'm afraid .
You say that tongue in cheek but isn't there some truth to it .
Yeah we're scared .
No we always knew that there was a dynamic involved in starting out as what they called a guerrilla action group and then legitimizing itself by actually getting permits to do projects doing the publicity etcetera to get name recognition .
And <unk> goes on to say that with name recognition comes the potential for complacency an understandable concern for a man who once told an art journal that his group doesn't preclude <unk> crimes as a viable artistic strategy .
This afternoon at two o'clock a man walked into the cab of the bulldozer and pointed it toward the house on old dominion drive .
Alberto <unk> came by to watch .
There's nothing better than building something well actually there is and that's tearing it down .
<unk> smiled as the bulldozer crunched the house into <unk> .
Well he's transformed now into a bunch of rubble eh .
By a big machine that's running on dinosaur <unk> .
Half an hour later the house was gone and <unk> was already talking about moving on to the next project .
The members of art attack would like to recreate in d. c. a piece that they completed in <unk> and next year arlington county might give them another condemned house to play with .
As for the lot at four thousand seven hundred forty nine old dominion drive rumor has it that the county wants to turn it into a <unk> pit .
For national public radio this is dean olsher in arlington virginia .
I'm linda wertheimer .
