One thing both candidates are talking about is their military history though the stories they tell are very different .
Clinton is still explaining his lack of military experience while president bush is still exploiting his distinguished military service .
Revealing or irrelevant .
The story from c. n. n.'s mary tillotson .
Bill clinton's draft record is hanging over his head literally .
A small plane has taken to following the clinton campaign trailing the same message republicans have been <unk> that bill clinton avoided serving in vietnam .
It's not going to go away .
We can talk about all these big problems but now it's a problem of trust and confidence and credibility .
Who's going to be the commander in chief who's going to be the president of the united states .
Republican senator and war hero bob dole took to the senate floor to slam clinton for his conflicting statements about clinton's draft status in the vietnam era .
That was a central theme of president bush's labor day campaign kickoff in wisconsin .
And harry truman wanted to join the military and fight for his country and so do i and i did .
Harry truman was a man of decisiveness not equivocation .
He'd find little in common with the governor clinton a man who <unk> or ducks on almost every tough issue .
Max <unk> former head of the veteran's administration triple <unk> from vietnam and democrat says republicans are focusing on vietnam to divert attention from the country's economic problems .
Especially for dan quayle to throw rocks at bill clinton or the democratic ticket for failure to go to vietnam is like a frog calling somebody else ugly .
I mean dan quayle doesn't have lives is a glass house in terms of service in vietnam .
One of the vietnam veterans who worked hardest to get a federal memorial built to that war is jan scruggs .
Scruggs says questioning clinton's record like questions four years ago about why dan quayle did not serve in vietnam are perfectly legitimate .
But scruggs doubts it is the big campaign issue for most folks .
To most people in america it's their job and their family and whether they can earn a living and feel good about themselves and their economic well being that's the big issue .
Scruggs says the continuing interest in and anger about who did what during vietnam is a sure sign as he puts it that there's still a lot of healing to be done from that conflict .
Another way of saying the most divisive war in modern american history still is .
