Sari <unk> heads up one of the palestinian negotiating teams to the peace talks .
He says yasir arafat did not introduce any new issues at yesterday's talks .
The declaration of principles states israel will give up everything in the gaza jericho zones except for external security and foreign affairs .
But this also means it will give up internal security to the palestinians and i think the fight is over there that the discussions are now you know center about where does where do the lines between external and internal security become vague .
But back to the issue of external security and israel's concern about maintaining control over the borders versus mr. arafat's concerns about the freedom with which people can move across the <unk> bridge and from gaza to egypt .
Is there can you envision a compromise a way of getting through this particular problem .
There are any number of ways in which things can be handled at this stage .
After all we're talking about an interim kind of arrangement .
Eventually of course israel will have to give up also the external security over the borders and indeed the borders will have to be withdrawn .
I mean after all we're talking about eventually an agreement in which israel will live side by side with a palestinian entity a state with a border between them which will be more or less along the sixty seven line .
Mr. <unk> what do you think about the level of violence in this interim period .
Extremists on both sides appear determined through the use of violence to derail these agreements and both sides keep saying that they will control their own people but it doesn't seem to be working either for the israelis or for the palestinians .
The question to ask is you know will their activity eventually dominate the scene .
My own feeling my own personal assessment is that the objective conditions what one knows about the situation assures me that in fact the political process you know in spite of the <unk> in spite of the obstacles in spite of the delays it will continue to evolve .
Thus slowly eroding in my opinion the support that the opponents are going to have .
Thank you very much mr. <unk> .
You're welcome .
Sari <unk> is head of the palestinian technical committee to the peace talks .
