The u. s. supreme court heard arguments today in a sexual harassment case that could provide a landmark decision on women's rights .
As c. n. n.'s anthony collings reports several justices seem ready to make it easier for women to sue for damages .
Teresa harris says her boss constantly harassed her with sexual remarks .
Get a coin out of my pocket .
Let's go to the holiday inn to negotiate your raise or that you're a dumb ass woman or a man could do a job better than you .
Charles hardy president of a nashville forklift rental company admits making the comments but denies they were so bad that they created a hostile work environment .
If it doesn't affect your employment by affecting a term condition or privilege of it then it's one of those things in life that you simply have to put up with .
But the two women on the supreme court didn't seem to buy that argument .
Sandra day o'connor suggested a hostile environment could be one where it's simply difficult for women to work and ruth bader ginsburg said the standard for harassment should be whether one sex has to put up with something that the other sex doesn't have to put up with .
I certainly wouldn't put up with conduct that teresa harris put up if i was in a workplace and i don't think you would either .
I don't think that's a matter of being sensitive that's a matter of what you're entitled to .
<unk> lawyer said harris failed to prove a hostile work environment .
Miss harris stayed after work when she didn't have to drinking beer and telling dirty jokes .
If indeed if indeed she believed that the environment was hostile and intimidating to her why did she do that .
Women's groups compare sexual harassment to racial discrimination .
If the exact same facts had happened to a black rental manager as happened to teresa harris i don't think anybody would have said are you too sensitive .
The court also heard the case of harassment victim barbara <unk> she's among thousands who could get damages if the court decides that a civil rights law should be applied retroactively .
Lower courts are divided and many americans are confused over the whole issue of gender discrimination .
In its decision by next july the high court is expected to clarify what exactly is sexual harassment .
