Taking a closer look at the inauguration given his tendency for long <unk> the most surprising thing about president clinton's inaugural address may have been his <unk> just fourteen minutes long .
On the other hand the contents of the speech was largely familiar to those who followed his journey to the presidency .
Ladies and gentleman the president of the united states of america william jefferson clinton .
My fellow citizens today we celebrate the mystery of american renewal .
In political circles it's called staying on message .
It was a hallmark of president clinton's inauguration just as it was in his run for the white house .
In his inaugural address mr. clinton <unk> together the core themes of his campaign now the core themes of his presidency .
Thomas jefferson believed that to preserve the very foundations of our nation we would need dramatic change from time to time .
Well my fellow americans this is our time .
Let us embrace it .
Our democracy must be not only the envy of the world but the engine of our own renewal .
There is nothing wrong with america that cannot be cured by what is right with america .
That optimistic message that hope for a better tomorrow was underscored with symbolism the ringing of the bells of hope .
The week was filled with made for t. v. events aimed at driving home .
Mr. clinton's inaugural themes .
Hello jennifer .
Nice to meet you .
Where are you from .
New york .
Thank you for being here .
Thank you for being our president .
On the first full day of his presidency mr. clinton welcomed <unk> of citizens to the white house .
It was a picture meant to match his call for a more and honest government a call with special appeal to supporters of ross perot .
To renew america we must revitalize our democracy .
This beautiful capitol like every capitol since the dawn of civilization is often a place of intrigue and calculation .
Powerful people maneuver for position and worry endlessly about who is in and who is out who is up and who is down forgetting those people whose <unk> and sweat sends us here and pays our way .
To renew america we must be bold .
We must do what no generation has had to do before .
We must invest more in our own people in their jobs and in their future and at the same time cut our massive debt .
And we must do so in a world in which we must compete for every opportunity .
Each generation of americans must define what it means to be an american .
On behalf of our nation i salute my predecessor president bush for his half century of service to america .
Today a generation raised in the shadows of the cold war assumes new responsibilities in a world warmed by the sunshine of freedom but threatened still by ancient hatreds and new <unk> .
Mr. clinton made an unscheduled visit this week to the grave of john f. kennedy his political hero and the president who also a new generation of leadership .
Mr. clinton's inaugural address may not have been quite as stirring as j. f. k.'s but it echoed several kennedy <unk> themes .
I challenge a new generation of young americans to a season of service to act on your idealism by helping troubled children keeping company with those in need <unk> our torn communities .
There is so much to be done enough indeed for millions of others who are still in young in spirit to give of themselves in service to .
In serving we recognize a simple but powerful truth we need each other and we must care for one another .
Much of the inaugural imagery is devoted to the quest for diversity and inclusion .
There was a martin luther king day celebration a lunch with americans president clinton met on the campaign trail and the inaugural poem by maya angelou .
Here on the pulse of this new day you may have the grace to look up and out and into your sister's eyes and into your brother's face your country and say simply very simply with hope good morning .
In his inaugural speech president clinton introduced a theme that rarely if ever was mentioned during his campaign .
He stressed that improving america and its economy will not be easy .
It will require sacrifice but it can be done and done fairly not choosing sacrifice for its own sake but for our own sake .
We must provide for our nation the way a family provides for its children .
From this joyful mountain top of celebration we hear a call to service in the valley .
We have heard the trumpets we have changed the guard and now each in our own way and with god's help we must answer the call .
