Our guest today agrees the european markets are where the value is right now .
He manages a ten billion dollar investment fund that's been around for quite a while .
Here is robin <unk> investment director of scottish widows investment management .
Good day robin .
Good morning .
Now despite the name scottish widows investment management the bulk of your clients are institutional investors is that correct .
That's correct yes .
All right and your scope is global .
You invest all over the world .
We do mainly in global equity markets and bond markets .
So where are you putting big investors' money now .
Well we have been emphasizing european equity and bond markets recently .
The argument mainly as the european interest rates will fall and boost stock and bond markets .
What about the market in the u. s. .
How attractive is that in relative terms .
Well we don't think any of the markets are particularly attractive at this point in time .
We think that gains from here will be relatively modest but the u. s. we feel is looking potentially quite interesting and we may want to increase our exposure here .
Wait a second the u. s. is looking potentially quite interesting but you haven't moved the money here yet is that accurate .
Not yet .
We would prefer to see the market maybe a little bit lower than it is .
Are you one of those people who is looking for a nasty selloff in october and then you'll move in with some money .
Yes .
We don't expect a large selloff but we would look for a small selloff .
The reasoning here is that you've got money in europe because those are the markets which are still suffering from a recessionary economy there and are poised to take off maybe at some point next year whereas the american markets are sort of mature after a solid <unk> for a long time now .
That's true .
Where will you put your money when you do move it into america .
We will go into the manufacturing sector .
We think the manufacturing sector in america is well placed for the medium term .
Right now i guess we're a low cost producer part because of the dollar and some labor concessions correct .
Absolutely .
All right .
A question for you as regards the european markets .
You said the bulk of your investments are in european equities .
Why european equities as opposed to european bond markets if you expect european interest rates to come down .
Well we're traditionally an equity investment house and we do have .
But do you think there are better gains to be made sometimes in the bond market .
I mean .
Sometimes there are but i think that there are sufficiently good companies in european equity markets to <unk> bonds .
I want to just get back to america for a second .
Name some manufacturers that you're going to put money into when you do finally decide to put some cash in the u. s. .
Well we like the auto manufacturers ford and general motors .
They've had a significant <unk> already though .
We think there's much farther to go actually .
Which one of the big three .
General motors ford or chrysler .
Ford .
Ford .
Give me some more manufacturers that you like .
Well we like <unk> .
We like some of the .
You like <unk> .
<unk> yes .
Forgive me i'm not familiar with the company .
What does it do .
Well it's an electronics related company .
O. k. fair enough .
And we also like steel companies .
Robin <unk> investment director for the scottish widows investment management company thanks for joining us sir .
Thank you .
