Live from washington crossfire .
On the left mike kinsley .
On the right john sununu .
Tonight the hand that rocks the cradle .
In the crossfire consumer advocate ralph nader and attorney lloyd cutler .
Good evening .
Welcome to crossfire .
Just one day after president clinton's lavish inaugural his attorney general nominee zoe baird has been losing ground fast .
Today before the senate judiciary committee she admitted wrongdoing in employing two illegal aliens in her home but she asked the committee to judge her on her overall career rather than on the one mistake .
I'm not trying to say that it's small or unimportant .
I'm just trying to say that i think that the power of my overall record and the potential that i have to serve this country and to serve this president as attorney general should override the particular incident in my mind .
The once touted as the star among the clinton cabinet nominees <unk> status is in jeopardy tonight .
Several senators have said they will vote against her .
The white house reaffirmed support for their nominee but it remained unclear whether the president would use his muscle to fight for her .
Despite her distinguished record and strong commitment to legal reform will the baird nomination be the first casualty of the clinton administration .
Mike .
Lloyd cutler you were white house counsel under jimmy carter .
Zoe baird worked for you .
You think she's brilliant you think she'd make a great attorney general .
That's right .
I think she'd be a wonderful attorney general .
Well here is the problem .
This is what's bothering people .
It's not very complicated .
Bill clinton ran for president saying he wanted to represent the people who play by the rules .
Zoe baird broke the rules .
She admits she broke the rules .
She admits she knew she was breaking the rules .
How can she run the justice department which is in charge of enforcing the rules .
Well zoe baird made a mistake .
She's acknowledged her mistake .
She disclosed to the clinton people at the very moment she was under consideration for a position exactly what she had done and the clinton people decided that was not a sufficient mistake to justify pulling back any proposed nomination .
She has paid the penalty for that mistake .
She has .
She's paid a fine .
She has paid a fine although it is one of the very first fines levied by the immigration and naturalization service in the case of a domestic worker .
It has been the practice of the service not to levy such fines in those cases .
It is a civil fine .
It is not a criminal defense .
Having paid that fine having shown that the law is equal and applies to her i think she will be in just as strong a position as any other attorney general to apply the law fairly to everyone else .
But the reason she paid the fine is because of this controversy because she's been nominated .
There's been a flood of letters and phone calls from these senators i think they're very surprised the clinton people are surprised .
I'm surprised i don't have any kids from people who say we have struggled hard we have to find people to take care of our kids and we've done it within the rules .
Can you understand why these people feel so resentful .
I can certainly understand why those who have complied with the rules all along would feel resentful .
There may be many many other people probably ten times as many people who have hired illegal aliens and have never done anything else about it .
You think most .
But that i grant you is no excuse for what zoe baird did .
Look many .
And zoe baird has paid her penalty and we've shown that the law applies equally to her as to anybody else .
You know if this was another job even another important job in the administration i think people might not feel so nervous or unhappy about it but not only is it the justice department which <unk> the law the justice department <unk> the immigration and naturalization service .
How can she she probably couldn't get hired as a low level i. n. s. lawyer with this thing in her record .
How can she supervise the i. n. s. .
I think having paid the penalty having shown that the law applies even to the attorney general designee that she's in an excellent position to do that .
She's in the position to apply the law anywhere to any person .
Ralph nader you've made it clear that one of the reasons in fact the basic reason that you oppose zoe baird is because of her support of legal reform which would make it harder for lawyers to file those countless lawsuits that have made us a sue sue sue society .
The american public supports that legal reform .
Why don't you support that nomination .
Thanks for putting words in my mouth john .
What she supports and what her company aggressively has gone after is to take away diminish the rights of injured and sick people who have been wrongfully harmed to have those rights to go into court for their justice .
That's what she's after .
This isn't reform .
She also supports a health insurance brand that mr. clinton doesn't agree with .
She supports a company aetna which is the most aggressive anti consumer company in the insurance industry .
She's the general counsel of aetna .
She's the general counsel and she's also part of top management as she carefully told the committee on tuesday .
Not only that she was with general electric which is a crass violator of laws and occupational safety environmental <unk> and procurement fraud .
So the fact that she's associated with the american private sector is the big burden she carries .
No i want to quote lloyd cutler who told mark green the author in nineteen seventy five i want to make one thing clear .
We believe in the arguments we use and we advance .
So the key is she's not just doing this for the money .
If she comes up before the committee and said look i represented all these odious policies many of which are contrary to bill clinton's campaign promises but i was just doing it for the money that's another thing .
I think she believed in what she was advocating .
So your opposition has not does not come from what has become the headline source of opposition namely the hiring of the illegal aliens .
It is that she is opposed to the trial lawyers in this country and opposed to the kind of reform that would weaken if you will the capacity of filing lawsuits .
Not at all john .
She has no experience .
You just said that .
That's one reason .
She has no experience in the justice department's division that she's going to supervise .
She broke the law and by the way no one could be employed by the justice department under her if they broke the law the way she broke the law .
Let me ask a question .
You've helped organize opposition .
Have you got folks calling in their senators .
I don't have to .
This is an overwhelming topic of outrage .
My question is have you got folks calling their senators .
No i don't have folks calling their senators .
You don't have anyone calling the senators .
I am urging people to make their position known because bill clinton yesterday said he wanted .
On the trial lawyer issue or on the nanny issue .
All the issues her lack of experience the immigration laws and representing corporate anti consumer and anti .
Hold on .
Lloyd .
You're not using the nanny issue to mask .
Lloyd i want to get back to the nanny issue .
If you want to say something about it .
I'd like to answer what ralph is just saying .
Ralph is stigmatizing zoe baird because she represents corporate america .
Ralph is very much against the behavior of corporate america .
He doesn't recognize how much corporate america contributes to the energy and the productivity and the job creation in this country .
<unk> positions on tort reform are she's a director of the legal services corporation .
She's in favor of greater access to the courts .
She's against caps on punitive damages or caps on .
Now she is .
She has been she has never taken any other position than that and she testified to all of that today .
She participated in the quayle council .
Let me go back to the nanny question because i think that's what really grips the other people .
Here's one thing that troubles me and i have to say i would probably vote for zoe baird at this point but here's one thing that does trouble me .
When this thing first happened she said well a lawyer had told her it was o. k. to hire an illegal alien as long as you had an application in .
Now even if you're not a lawyer which she is that makes no sense at all .
There was a huge controversy when we passed this law in nineteen eighty six which made it illegal to hire an illegal alien .
If you could get around that law simply by putting in an application the law would be nonsense .
How could any intelligent person believe that that was legal .
Well let me say first that this was the advice of three different lawyers to <unk> husband who's a professor at the yale law school .
And he's a smart man too and i don't understand how either one of them believed it .
Listen for a moment to what the advice was .
The advice was that while it is quite true there is a civil penalty applicable under the law and it is unlawful a civil violation under the law to hire an unauthorized alien with knowledge that the alien is unauthorized that in the case of domestic workers household workers the practice of immigration lawyers and of the i. n. s. was for the immigration lawyers to file an application to sponsor that individual that is to convince the labor department that you couldn't hire anyone else after advertising and that there was a need for this particular person and then to sponsor her for a green card an immigration which would make her a lawful worker .
If you disclosed on the application that the illegal alien was already working for you and that in due course those applications would be granted and the work permit has indeed been granted on the basis .
But you can't this isn't like applying to something that you're surely going to get after a limited amount of time .
Most people don't get their applications granted .
So how could you think .
That's quite wrong .
Most people do get their applications granted if they can show .
But she is going to be .
If they can show that after advertising they cannot hire a qualified person .
All right .
Lloyd .
Thousands tens of thousands of people have followed this particular procedure .
Lloyd don't make excuses for her .
She admitted .
She was wrong .
She and her husband make seven hundred thousand dollars a year .
They could have hired mary poppins for heaven's sake and there's no this question as to whether the driver had a legal connecticut driver's license a <unk> resident under connecticut law cannot have a legal driver's license .
He's driving her in the cadillac to aetna .
All right .
I've got to cut you off .
Lloyd you'll get another .
You know .
Under connecticut law they don't ask nationality when you apply for a driver's license .
All right .
He was you're wrong .
We can't keep going on this .
We'll settle this driver's license during the break .
When we come back i'm going to ask whether there's a double standard for democratic and republican nominees in the united states senate .
Welcome back to crossfire .
President clinton's nominee for attorney general zoe baird broke the law by hiring an illegal alien to care for her children .
Should that disqualify her .
That's the debate around the country and here on crossfire .
Our guests ralph nader who opposes this nomination and not just because of the nanny issue and lloyd cutler one of washington's leading lawyers .
He was white house counsel and zoe <unk> boss in the carter administration and he's just about her biggest backer in this fight .
Lloyd cutler here's something else that bothers a lot of people and i haven't heard any explanation for it .
Right after the election zoe baird and her husband paul <unk> fired this peruvian couple .
Isn't that sort of crude .
No that's wrong .
Oh well correct it .
Please correct me on that .
Zoe baird originally and her husband hired this peruvian couple .
The husband left the wife .
The wife was the babysitter the person who took care of the child .
Right the husband was a driver .
While zoe was away at work .
The wife was devastated by the departure of the husband and had difficulty performing her duties taking care of the child and this was all i believe back well before the election i think i'm not absolutely certain about that but in any event the departure was by mutual agreement because the babysitter was no longer able to perform her functions .
And it had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that suddenly unexpectedly there was a possibility for an administration job by zoe baird .
Nothing to do with it .
It happened well before then .
All right .
I'm glad to hear it .
Ralph the real opposition to zoe baird is that she's not liberal enough for some of the traditional democratic constituencies and she's actually being gone after on a ruse rather than going after her on her issues and policies .
John the justice department has been very troubled .
It's in a shambles .
It's demoralized .
It's been led by corporate lawyers for many years .
It's time for a people's lawyer .
Bill clinton promised a clean slate a high ethical tone putting people first and who did we get for the next attorney general designate .
A corporate lawyer for general electric and aetna two of the most reckless and irresponsible corporations .
I know lloyd doesn't get very disturbed about corporate crime corporate safety hazards .
He fought to delay airbags on the part of his auto company clients and he represents petro chemical but i think it's key .
So it really is philosophy .
It's philosophy you're opposed to .
Well that's what you're known for and where does that person come from .
Did she have a record of representing farmers and tenants and women and children and consumers and workers .
Isn't it reprehensible that the senators don't have the guts to stand up and say then they're opposed to her on philosophy and they're using this issue as the excuse to stand up against her .
Absolutely .
Put it here .
I've called them the .
Well i take your hand anytime ralph but i don't agree with you .
The demo can party .
Wait a minute .
Alan simpson .
I'm talking about the democrats who have abandoned her on philosophy .
They haven't abandoned her .
The key with clinton now is whether he is going to have this albatross around his neck more calls coming in more letters more <unk> and more .
Go ahead lloyd .
Ralph you think of corporate america as evil .
Number .
There are lawyers .
I think of corporate crime as evil .
Corporate crime is .
And corporate pollution is evil .
Of course it is and i agree with you .
And corporate fraud .
And corporate fraud is illegal but there are lawyers for corporations who devote their time to improving the conduct of corporations .
Not her .
Her .
She .
She pushed to weaken the false claims act against government fraud .
You're quite wrong about that .
What are you talking about .
She's on the record .
What she proposed on the false claims act which already says that if the government already has the information if the department of justice already has the information the informer the whistle <unk> is not entitled to anything .
We're not going to negotiate .
Or if it's public .
We're not going to debate the false claims act .
Look let me just say that all that zoe proposed was that if a company had followed the voluntary disclosure program of the department of defense and had already informed the department of defense of the wrongdoing and made a full disclosure any whistle <unk> who filed a lawsuit after that should not be entitled to a share of the .
We'll have you back on this one .
That's all .
Ralph let me ask you this .
If her husband had been nominated under exactly the same conditions do you really think that he'd be getting the same kind of opposition that she is .
Isn't there a lot of anti woman discrimination in this whole thing .
Not at all .
Senator nancy kassebaum and five women in the house of representatives have come out against her .
Barbara jordan has come out against her .
I don't think you can accuse the washington post and the new york times editorials as being sexist .
Do you think her husband would have been treated the same way .
Absolutely and he may be when he comes up to testify .
They do agree on certain things .
Both of them agree that the false claims act to protect against fraud .
We're not going to discuss the false claims act ralph .
Is unconstitutional .
Why not .
I'm sorry we're not going to discuss it .
That's very important .
She represented that in general electric .
No let me ask lloyd cutler before we have to take another break .
Why everything on the .
Republicans are complaining that there's a double standard here .
When john tower was up every little <unk> of his was brought up by the democrats and said this disqualified him .
Now there's actual <unk> and democrats are saying well it's bad but it's not a deal breaker .
Is there a double standard .
There are many many cases of cabinet nominees judicial nominees who have committed one wrong act in their lifetime the late payment of taxes the occasional smoking of marijuana or something like that .
Like ginsberg who .
And all of those people have been confirmed .
Ginsberg did not get confirmed because he failed to inform the people who were appointing him and the f. b. i. of what he had done .
When it was many years ago as a youngster .
It's an entirely different situation from zoe .
We'll be back to discuss .
And as a college professor .
We'll be back and give you a chance to continue that .
We'll talk a little bit more about the confirmation process and whether or not it hasn't gotten a bit out of control .
Ralph nader a lot of folks that get asked to serve on the cabinets say no way i don't want to put myself through the kind of process that those nominees have to go through .
Haven't we created a system here that keeps good people out of government .
Not at all .
There are all kinds of good people women and men who would like to serve as attorney general who are above reproach who have obeyed the laws that they would be enforcing at the justice department if they were put in that position .
Zoe baird was touted as one who was going to be the star of the cabinet .
Look what she's going through right now .
Let's see how she answers questions about a boston pension situation where a broker got secret commissions from aetna in return for steering money into aetna investments .
She is the lawyer on that .
All of that preceded the activities .
She's in right but she's involved in that now with a u. s. attorney .
O. k. .
She's involved with that with the u. s. attorney .
We're almost out of time .
I wanted to ask lloyd cutler one last question .
Zoe baird said at the hearing that when she hired these illegal aliens she as thinking like a mother and not like someone who might be a nominee for attorney general and i'm afraid that reminded me of when dan quayle said in nineteen eighty eight that when he joined the national guard to avoid the draft he didn't realize he would someday be standing there as a vice presidential nominee .
Now we all laughed and scoffed when dan quayle said that .
Isn't it sort of similar .
Well zoe baird wasn't thinking that she might someday be a nominee for attorney general .
Had she been thinking of that at the time .
She would have obeyed the law .
She might very well have done something different and endured the inability to find a competent babysitter at the time she was taking on the biggest job in the world .
She is a mother .
That's a fact of life .
She can't defend herself on the ground that as a woman she should be excused where a man would not be excused .
She clearly was asking for sympathy on that basis wasn't she .
She was stating a fact and in fact it was brought out by dianne feinstein she initiated the line of questions about she said i'm not asking you about the legal situation .
I want to know how you feel as a mother .
All right .
Thanks very much lloyd cutler .
Thank you ralph nader .
I'll find out how john sununu feels in just a moment .
John i hope i was a vigorous advocate for my side of the argument in the past half hour like any good lawyer but i would like the opportunity to say that although what she did was wrong i do not think it's a deal breaker .
I would vote for her if i were a senator for attorney general .
President clinton's been president for one day and i find myself agreeing with you michael .
I don't know what's wrong .
Well it's i've been meaning to comment on your <unk> support of every single thing that president clinton does .
It's getting rather <unk> .
I know it ever since he's been in office .
The fact is is that this process has become painful .
What she did was wrong but what i think is happening is that people are opposing her because she's too conservative not because of this nanny issue .
Some people are opposing her because of this tort business but most people are genuinely upset about the nanny issue .
There is .
And furthermore i think the process is fine .
Even zoe baird would say the process is healthy .
It's brought this problem to attention .
A lot of people are thinking about it who ought to .
From the left i'm mike kinsley .
Good night for crossfire .
And from the right i'm john sununu .
Join us again tomorrow night for another edition of crossfire .
Primenews is up next .
Here's bernard shaw to tell us what's cooking on day two of the clinton administration .
Bernie .
Thanks very much michael .
Ahead mounting criticism of president clinton's attorney general nominee but zoe baird says she won't pull out .
Gays in the military could be the early beneficiaries of a clinton campaign pledge .
Some in congress are saying not so fast .
And victims of a failed investment plan fight back trying to recoup their losses .
