Two long time political analysts say the electoral landscape looks pretty bleak for george bush .
Robert novak of the evans novak political report maps it this way .
Fifteen states many in the south likely or leaning for bush total electoral take including texas and florida one hundred fifty seven .
That's far short of the two hundred seventy needed to win .
Likely or leaning for clinton the remaining thirty five states and the district of columbia .
The democratic electoral tally three hundred eighty one .
Syndicated columnist mark shields pretty much agrees with novak's electoral snapshots .
He's got an even <unk> assessment of the bush situation .
Subtracting louisiana north carolina and texas from the g. o. p. column he puts louisiana and north carolina as leaning to clinton .
And he views the lone star state as a toss up .
Joining us now columnist mark shields not russell who's here in washington and robert novak of the chicago sun times who is in little rock arkansas .
Robert why the latest on this map .
Well there really isn't much change from what we had two weeks ago .
We did put move louisiana which i'm convinced of from clinton to bush .
We put two other states in the opposite direction mostly because we were just late in catching up with it georgia and south dakota .
Actually bernie our map is a little bit optimistic from bush's standpoint because texas is as mark says virtually a toss up .
We're just not a little chicken like mark who calls toss ups .
We call everything .
And the other one is florida .
Florida the clinton people think they're ahead in florida .
I still think bush is slightly ahead but it's almost a toss up .
You put florida and texas in the clinton column and you've got an electoral vote landslide .
Mark shields why is texas a toss up .
Texas is a toss up because of the <unk> in a big footed way of ross perot .
Ross perot is the wild card in this election only in terms of the debate which i think he can influence and i think probably will beginning sunday night .
But certainly in texas he is a force to be reckoned with .
I think bernie just one thing i'd add to what bob the points that bob was making .
What is most interesting perhaps is not the areas of disagreement but the areas of agreement .
We're looking at states like illinois and new jersey that have not voted democratic since nineteen sixty four that virtually everybody including california of course everybody is conceding at this point or practically everybody is conceding to bill clinton .
We're talking beyond the <unk> and the new <unk> which was well which went all the way back to nineteen sixty four connecticut to nineteen sixty eight .
I mean this is an enormous change in the american political landscape .
So what must george bush do between now and november third to try to turn around what you guys see as his fate awaiting him .
Theoretically bernie he has to show the american people that his second term will be better than his first that he stands for something .
He's been unable to do that .
He hasn't done the things that he could have done like introducing a new team new cabinet members .
Actually making some cabinet changes having a very steady agenda for the second term .
So what he is left with since he's unable to do that and it's really too late to do that is he must make the american people feel that bill clinton is too big a risk to take and they either have got to go for perot or for bush .
And that's why we're having all this stuff about clinton's trip to russia and his organizing of student demonstrations during the vietnam war .
Mark .
Bernie let me just say that the only hope that george bush has left is to somehow persuade voters look i'm not day at the beach but the other guy's no month in the country .
And somehow concentrate the doubts raise doubts about bill clinton .
I'll be honest with you .
I think going back to nineteen sixty nine and a christmas trip to moscow is a reach beyond most people's even remote understanding .
I mean what's he suggesting .
That we've got a <unk> candidate on our hands .
Somebody who has been planted with a time capsule that upon the moment he take the oath of office i mean this is truly bizarre .
And when the president of the united states says i don't want to tell you what i rally think i mean it tells you something pretty sad about george bush sixty eight years old running for reelection two terms as vice president one term as president and he's into sort of this speculation about what happened in nineteen sixty nine over christmas .
It just it won't fly .
Well go ahead bob .
Let me make two points on it .
I was i'm in little rock and i was with some clinton people last night and they were flabbergasted by it .
You know they were angry but it is it is a shock in the to the whole system .
And it may not work it probably won't work .
But it does shake up the table a little bit .
Secondly if bush was going to do it what he had to do it in the context of the draft .
Of saying that here was a guy who was avoiding the draft who was avoiding the draft who had <unk> on a commitment for an air force r. o. t. c. and then he goes to russia .
But just to throw it out what was he doing in russia is silly .
I think bob is i think bob is right on this one .
And i just want to underline that's bill clinton is clearly uncomfortable talking about the events of nineteen sixty nine .
But this is not the vulnerable point for george bush .
We're going into a debate where we're talking about eighty percent of americans think the economy is headed in the wrong direction and the country is seriously off on the wrong track .
I don't think this is the answer to george bush's problems .
One word .
Is bush desperate .
Of course he's desperate .
I don't think he's pathetic as clinton says .
They keep using words pathetic and desperate .
Well of course they're desperate .
There's thirty two thirty one days left and nothing is working .
Nothing is working for bush .
All right .
Let me ask you .
Notwithstanding what each of you has said about bush and moscow and clinton which segment of the nation's population which section of the country would bush's innuendo about bill clinton resonate .
I think bernie that it's an attempt to win back the southern united states where military service more than the rest of the country has always been a respected and even revered profession and a section of the country which ever since the war between the states if anything has been more nationalistic than the nation as a whole .
I think that is the hope .
The other thing is bernie it's putting heroin into the bloodstream .
That's what it is .
You drop a little poison in like this it never really goes away .
It's like the charge of senator steve <unk> in nineteen eighty eight that kitty dukakis michael <unk> wife had participated in a flag burning .
There was nothing to support it nothing to substantiate it .
But it's just to try an plant a doubt and it'll be there in people's minds .
But it is the only thing people are talking about .
We're talking about it .
It was the sound bites leading off this morning's news programs .
There's no discussion today of the comparative tax programs .
Well is this <unk> as some have said .
Well i guess you know i knew joe mccarthy and ah .
George bush is no joe mccarthy .
George bush is no joe mccarthy .
I mean .
Who are you flattering there bob .
Joe didn't do any innuendo .
I mean joe joe would have said the guy was a communist .
So people have gotten a lot more delicate in the last four years .
No i wouldn't call this <unk> .
I would like to see a little bit more anger on governor clinton's part in his response and reaction to him .
Well but wait a minute mark .
You know clinton has a reputation of having a temper .
As a campaigner would he want to show that temper .
I tell you .
I mean when a charge is made and it's totally baseless which the clinton people insist that it is and certainly independent investigation has suggested so far that it is then legitimate anger commensurate with the charge which is a serious charge is absolutely expected by people and they're willing to not only to tolerate they're kind of disappointed when they don't see it .
Well let me agree with mark on that that the obviously i think everything that governor clinton does is calculated .
He's a professional politician and a very good one .
And he decided to take this very soft tone .
And i think the soft tone makes people say hey what was he doing there .
Was there something funny going on .
Gentlemen nice to hear your thoughts .
Catherine .
Thanks bernie .
