Immigration officials say the number of chinese smuggled into this country has risen sharply in recent years adding to an already enormous pool of illegal workers from other countries .
Most of them find low paying jobs in what's often called the underground economy .
It's a vast network of mostly unregulated restaurants farms factories .
In new york city one of the biggest employers of illegal workers is the garment industry .
The state of new york has been trying to address the problem with only limited success .
Npr's jim zarroli reports .
In a ramshackle turn of the century building in new york's china town three employees of the state's garment industry task force are conducting a surprise inspection .
The basement has been converted into an illegal <unk> factory .
As a dozen or so chinese workers sit bent over sewing machines the task force's tom <unk> confronts the manager .
Do you have a certificate of <unk> to have a shop in the basement .
Okay we already file the plan already more than a year already .
Yeah do you have the certificate .
Almost processing already almost .
But you don't have it .
While the manager watches anxiously <unk> and his two coworkers begin listing the code violations they see exposed wiring brown water on the floor blocked fire exits .
There's a time clock on the wall as required but it's frozen at five seventeen an indication the workers are paid illegally by the piece .
Still <unk> says this place isn't as bad as some he's seen .
According to some estimates as many as two thousand illegal sweat shops operate in new york city .
Most are fly by night operations that exist by performing contract work for big clothing manufacturers .
Because they hire mostly illegal workers who may not understand the law they often get away with paying less than the minimum wage .
A hong kong immigrant who wanted to be identified only as miss wong and who has spent twelve years working in china town <unk> said many factories don't pay workers at all .
In my experience out of a hundred or so factories in china town i would say only four or five easily pay you .
With the others you sometimes have to go back two or three times to collect your money .
The bosses will say i cannot pay you because i lost your work card or will give some other reason .
If it's not a lot of money some workers will say forget it it's not worth it to keep going back .
Miss wong said factory bosses sometimes threaten to report workers who complain too much to immigration authorities .
The proliferation of <unk> in new york city was dramatically underscored last month when a freighter carrying three hundred illegal chinese workers ran aground off a beach in queens .
But some state officials were warning about the problem long before that .
State senator franz lichter first noticed the growth of <unk> in his upper manhattan district in the late nineteen seventies .
I decided to walk into one of these places once and i was amazed .
It was something that i thought had existed at the turn of the century and was no longer with us .
In nineteen eighty lichter produced a report saying many of the <unk> were set up by organized crime which made big profits transporting the garments made there .
Susan <unk> of the international ladies garment workers union sees the growth of <unk> as a result of what she calls the globalization of the <unk> in the nineteen seventies u. s. companies found they could manufacture goods more cheaply in the low wage countries of asia and latin america .
But <unk> says some manufacturers also turned to the large pool of immigrant workers that had been entering this country since the mid nineteen sixties .
One of the reasons there are so many more <unk> is that manufacturers still like to produce in this country .
You know as fast as modern transportation is you can still turn out a product in this country much more quickly .
You can get it from design to the store in a few weeks in this country and that's a real advantage .
<unk> says the federal government hasn't done enough to stop the growth of <unk> .
The u. s. labor department's wage and hour division <unk> work places but with barely nine hundred inspectors to cover the entire country critics say it can do little more than respond to complaints .
Jeffrey newman of the national child labor committee says one effect of all this has been an increase in the number of underaged workers in <unk> .
The reality is that nobody's out looking at the federal level and today we have as many child labor violations as we did probably more that at any time since the nineteen thirties .
Critics say the state and local governments in new york also need to monitor <unk> more closely .
The state has won praise for some of its efforts to address the problems such as its garment industry task force which sends teams of bi lingual inspectors into apparel factories to check working conditions and talk to employees .
If violations are found the companies can be fined .
Susan <unk> of the international ladies garment workers union believes the government should levy bigger fines against <unk> and should prosecute big companies that send out work to them .
It makes a lot more sense to go after the manufacturer .
They really have something to lose .
They have assets they have a reputation they're the ones who sell the goods .
If you just go after the little contracting shop it does nothing .
They go in and out of business .
If you shut them down they'll open up next door .
But activists acknowledge that the government is unlikely to try to tackle the problem unless the public expresses more concern about it and so far that hasn't happened .
Most americans they say may simply feel too remote from the <unk> world to care much about what happens there .
In new york this is jim zarroli reporting .
