Here's what you're not going to see in the next hour .
You're not going to see lurid stories about victims and killers .
You're not going to see a lengthy debate about gun control .
You are going to hear about these the guns that find their way into the hands of criminals and you're going to hear things you probably haven't heard before .
There are an estimated two hundred fourteen million guns in america .
That's almost one weapon for every man woman and child .
Now only a small percentage of them actually fall into the wrong hands but when they do the results are devastating .
In nineteen ninety one that's the last year statistics are available guns were used in seven hundred forty thousand crimes .
Tonight you're going to find out who makes those guns who buys them who sells them and why it is that today anybody can get one .
We begin inside a massachusetts prison where michel mcqueen talked with the experts who wanted us to understand the allure and the cost of a life under the gun .
A gun makes you somebody .
You can make it so somebody lives the next day or you can take somebody's life so they don't live the next day and that that's something that you feel inside of you it's it's a rush you get out of it .
You can get anything you want with a gun .
You see it on television you see it on the news .
It's back to the wild wild west .
You know i was fascinated by the gun .
It was like putting on my pants in the morning you know .
And it was part of my wardrobe having this gun .
These four men are gun experts .
They know how to get them they know how to use them and now they're doing time for the commission of gun related crimes tony armed robbery fifteen to twenty five years craig armed robbery five to ten years <unk> armed robbery and kidnapping nine to seventeen years arthur armed robbery and attempted murder of a police officer twenty to twenty five years .
All of them are graduates of what they call the life .
What was your exposure to a gun .
My first exposure to a gun is i was about twelve years old .
I just got it from an older guy .
It was just passed down to me .
It wasn't about paying for it or you know borrowing it or anything .
It was just part of my tool .
I was doing <unk> and i needed a gun to do <unk> .
You can make a difference with the gun and i did .
My first armed robbery i went out and bought a ten speed .
That's all i wanted was a ten speed a new ten speed .
How old were you when you first committed an armed robbery .
About thirteen thirteen fourteen .
Thirteen fourteen .
Yeah .
Where'd you get the gun .
Found it in a car .
We stole a car found it in a stolen car .
I got a gun through a friend an older gentleman that he used to be a drinker and drug user and he knew me and all i did was ask for it .
Was that the only gun you ever had .
God no .
That was the first gun i've had you know .
Mm hmm .
I've had .
You've had others since then .
Absolutely .
How many do you think you've had over the course of your life .
Oh maybe thirty thirty five .
Thirty .
Yeah .
Where did you get them .
Different areas you know different people .
Did you buy them off the street .
You buy them off the streets you find them in houses you find them in cars find them in <unk> .
Everybody has a gun .
They're out there just like candy and chips and the rest of that you know .
It i mean you can get them that easy .
Well if i wanted some candy or chips i'd go to the grocery store .
Is that where you go to get a gun .
Do you go to the grocery store .
Sometimes .
Sometimes .
Well you get them most often from the street .
Yeah .
We're from the street and the street has it all .
It's who knows who and who has what that knows who .
How much do they cost .
Are they expensive .
Number .
Number .
Well how much do they cost .
Sometimes twenty dollars .
You can get it for a twenty dollar bag of dope .
Sometimes you can get it for twenty dollars .
Or you know a rock of coke or i mean it's nothing .
Once i paid fifty dollars for a gun .
There's been a lot of publicity about so called assault weapons .
You know what i'm talking about .
You know what assault weapons are .
Did you ever have one .
Yeah .
Where'd you get it .
Drug deal .
Why did you want it .
Cause everyone else had it .
My zero point three eight wasn't doing good anymore .
Everybody else was you know using <unk> so i couldn't use a zero point three eight anymore .
That wasn't that wasn't good enough .
Did you have a gun of choice .
I had a favorite a pearl handled zero point three eight that i used to like .
Why did you like it .
Cause it fit like a glove .
Did you have a favorite gun .
<unk> .
Any gun that worked was my favorite .
That was it .
Like a different tool for a different job .
Okay if the <unk> going to be used for a robbery if the <unk> going to be used for a hit you know there's a different gun for a different job .
So it's a <unk> there you see .
Has any of you ever shot anyone .
I mean you're all here .
Come on let's just tell the truth about it .
Well let's say hypothetically if somebody had shot somebody does that change you as a person .
Does it make you feel different .
Where i come from just to survive you know people had to die .
Some people had to die you know .
I'm not saying that i shot anyone but i've seen it happen because of drugs or because of disputes or whatever .
I mean it's a crazy world .
No offense here but all of you at the point you leave here all of you are convicted felons who under the massachusetts law should not be able to get a gun .
Do you think if you wanted to you'd still be able to get one .
