As poverty drugs and crime invade families more children face parents who cannot or will not care for them .
This often means moving to a foster care facility .
C. n. n.'s gary tuchman reports on one such center in upstate new york .
The setting in the small town of <unk> ferry new york is peaceful quite a contrast for children whose lives have been anything but peaceful .
This is the children's village where boys from age five to sixteen who no longer live with their families are living for the time being .
The families whose children are living here run the entire gamut from those who are really loving caring often overwhelmed parents to those who have been incredibly abusive and damaging to their children .
Thirteen year old corey <unk> father was murdered when he was a young boy .
After years of aggressive impulsive and suicidal behavior corey spent time in a mental institution before coming to the children's village .
And things have brightened considerably for corey .
After a year and a half of special classes counseling recreation and compassion at the children's village he has new outlook on life .
Now that you see all the kids had the same problem which you had but they're <unk> it kind of make you feel like you don't want to do the stuff you did before .
Corey is lucky .
Unlike many children in foster care programs he has a mother hoping to soon take him home .
They just don't put the kids in here and throw the key lock then up and that's it .
No they help the children with their problems .
They also give the children a sense of achievement and pride .
The annual circus in which the children get to participate in the events is prepared for and looked forward to for weeks in advance .
But for most of the kids nothing is looked forward to more than being told they go back home .
And after years of being away corey had just received the good news .
Not all the children here will be able to give that thumbs up .
Some because of continued behavioral problems others because they have parents who don't want them back .
For the employees of the children's village those kinds of results may break their hearts but they can't allow it to break their spirits .
After all there's a lot more good work they still need to do .
