Many victims of hurricane andrew are spending this labor day weekend at work rebuilding what was damaged or destroyed by the storm .
Andrew left florida with an estimated twenty billion dollars in damage one point five billion dollars in louisiana .
Fifty one people are dead a quarter of a million homeless .
Hurricane andrew's winds may be gone but the disaster is far from over .
It was very stressful in the beginning but it's extremely stressful now .
I think reality has hit .
Many of these people that they've lost everything .
The centers for disease control says more people have died in the storm's aftermath than in the storm itself as stress and storm related accidents have taken their toll .
For thousands getting food and especially shelter were still all consuming tasks more than a week after the storm .
Residents volunteers and soldiers began the monumental job of cleaning up after total chaos .
But officials are trying to get people away from the dangerous debris .
Housing inspectors have been <unk> bright labels on ruined homes and asking residents to leave .
You have the option to go to temp city .
We're condemning these buildings .
You have to get out of them today .
They saying they're condemning the buildings .
What about our furniture and the little stuff that we still have left .
Please i'm pleading with you please go over to temp city .
I'm not going to no tents because you can just board me up in my house .
I'm not staying in no tent .
Officials say they will not evict people but they say they won't connect electricity until houses are repaired .
Electricity is working at five tent cities built this week by soldiers to house three thousand eight hundred people .
There are approximately thirty five tents that have gone up over the night equipped with cots fourteen per .
By the end of the day this site will be capable of housing about one thousand five hundred people .
The cities are providing food and hot showers but little else .
By week's end the tents remained largely empty as people stuck to their battered homes .
What little stuff they've got here they're afraid somebody's going to loot it so i think they'll stay .
Many people may not have heard of the tent cities and other relief efforts so the army is passing out radios and has set up a radio station devoted exclusively to recovery news .
Some people did welcome the chance to stop camping amid the ruins .
The smell is too bad and the building is in a very bad condition .
And when they offered us to stay here we said yes because this is better than nothing .
It's much much better than where we were staying now .
I think this is a good solution for now .
But criticism of last week's slow federal response to the disaster continued .
Democratic senator barbara mikulski called for an investigation of f. e. m. a. and said the government must look anew at its disaster response .
The federal emergency management agency has most of its resources in being ready for civil defense and nuclear war .
Over sixty eight percent of its staff capacity goes into a nineteen fifties framework kathy so that the people of america have shelters for nuclear war but we don't have shelters for the people of hurricane andrew or what we did for the san francisco earthquake .
The federal emergency management agency was ready for a normal hurricane .
The magnitude of this crisis here in florida is just beyond anyone's expectation and it's a massive effort it's going to take a lot of time a lot of effort and we have to realize that whole communities have been destroyed .
The relief effort did grow dramatically this week .
Navy ships arrived carrying supplies as well as carpenters and <unk> and army troops began arriving in large numbers .
We're need to do anything to help out our people at home .
We go over there and we defend everybody else and i feel it's nice that we started doing something right here at home .
Insurance agents are using spray painted pleas to help find their clients and are beginning to issue checks .
Private donors packed supplies and a train from north carolina brought heavy equipment .
A front end <unk> dump trucks vans to get operators to the equipment even a portable office .
They tried to think of everything and i think they did .
President bush again flew to florida and louisiana to inspect andrew's damage and relief efforts .
He announced that ruined homestead air force base would be rebuilt and he said the federal government would pay one hundred percent of eligible clean up costs instead of splitting the bill with the state .
And when he returned he made a rare televised plea from the oval office .
And so tonight i make a special appeal to the generous spirit of the american people .
People in florida and louisiana want to stay in their homes .
They're in desperate need of rolls of plastic to cover open roofs lumber to board up walls and cots to sleep on .
They also need diapers and baby formula and other infant supplies and fresh volunteers are needed to staff medical facilities or help with the cleanup .
The president gave a toll free number for the american red cross and charity officials say they were swamped with callers who pledged more than four point five million dollars .
And red cross workers said they are settling in after days of chaos .
And we're getting to what we normally do and the way we normally do it .
This has just been an overwhelming event and it's taken us a while to get to this state .
Well only nine days later but when you're hurting you know nine days seems like an eternity to the victims .
The combination of living through terror and then trying to cope with a world turned upside down is causing psychological stress .
They're afraid to come out of their houses .
The only thing that's left for them is the tensions to build up so in fact we are beginning to see some incidences of domestic violence .
The red cross is providing some counseling .
At least one survivor says the sound of the wind now makes him uneasy and <unk> this week forced residents to deal with more weather often without a roof over their heads .
