The work week is ending as it began mr. clinton still considering who he's going to nominate to the u. s. supreme court or whom maybe .
The process gone on a little bit longer than the president suggested at one point that it would .
More on this now c. n. n. senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer .
Wolf .
Reid it's still another day as you say here at the white house for the president to make up his mind .
Sources say he's still <unk> over three candidates interior secretary bruce babbitt federal judges richard arnold of arkansas and steven breyer of massachusetts .
Any one of these three officials say is still possible .
Several sources say judge arnold's stock is going up that the president really wants to pick his long time friend whom he greatly admires .
But mr. clinton has also wanted some final questions answered about arnold's health and other matters .
Arnold has suffered from a non fatal form of cancer .
Secretary babbitt had earlier been considered the clear front runner but that is now no longer the case .
White house officials have been surprised by the degree of opposition his name has generated in the senate judiciary committee .
They also are not sure they want the headache of having to select a new interior secretary .
Breyer by all accounts is now clearly considered the distant the distant third .
He is in boston by the way judge arnold is in saint paul minnesota and secretary babbitt is here in washington .
So if the president should reach a decision today it would be easy to bring secretary babbitt over here to the white house from department of interior and make a formal announcement .
Officials though are not ruling out the possibility that if the president does reach a final decision today he could make an announcement even if the out of town judges are not physically here at the white house he could go ahead and make the announcement and bring perhaps judge arnold or judge breyer to washington next week for a formal ceremony .
But any of those options are open and of course all of us are anxiously awaiting the president's decision .
Reid .
Wolf is there a sense of urgency about this .
There is a sitting justice there's no vacancy there's no business really going on .
Well there is to a certain degree .
The chairman of the senate judiciary committee senator <unk> biden of delaware had told the white house a few weeks ago that the would like a name by the end of this week so that he could schedule confirmation hearings for july .
He needs he says at least eight weeks to prepare for those confirmation hearings .
And if the hearings are supposed to be in july that would <unk> be enough time for the next judge to be in place in october when the new session of the supreme court <unk> .
But it could slip a few more days .
I don't think that necessarily is a problem .
There is a degree of frustration here not only amongst us journalists but amongst some of the senior aides who would like this matter resolved today so that the agony of indecision and the talk shows over the weekend all of that problem doesn't continue for a few more days .
But this is an important matter for the president and he wants to take his time as he clearly is .
