Almost two out of three homicides in the united states involve guns .
No investigation of violence would be complete without considering whether restricting guns might save lives .
But that's a question that produces more arguments than conclusions .
The rhythms of livestock and crops set the pace of marvin <unk> world .
All spring and summer long we see the new <unk> hatch we see <unk> come around rabbits things like that .
His farm in lone tree iowa is a long way from the big city and a long way from big city fears of guns and violence .
To marvin <unk> his guns are a source of pride .
He teaches gun safety classes and he makes his own ammunition .
He uses his guns for sport and as tools farm implements to protect his crops and animals legitimate needs in his view that may be threatened by proposals to restrict guns .
Okay might as well load up .
For him <unk> all guns at a gun club for instance just wouldn't work .
I mean i would hate to have to me run clear to a gun club just to get a firearm because maybe i have trouble with a fox or a coyote or something like that maybe getting into livestock and i want a gun right away .
On farms firearms are used for pest control in dealing with animals predators and things like that .
They have more of a business function than they often do in cities .
The relationship between guns and violence is far from simple yet studies indicate that in certain circumstances gun laws have saved lives .
For instance washington d. c.'s ban on hand gun sales .
After the law went into effect in late nineteen seventy six homicides and gun suicides went down .
And overall the rates of homicide and suicide committed by means other than guns did not change .
The researchers estimate forty seven lives were saved each year .
Unfortunately after crack hit the streets violent death rates shot up .
Back on the farm gun related deaths are more likely to be suicide than murder .
That controlling hand guns isn't going to make a bit of difference as far as we can detect or very little difference in terms of farmers suicides self inflicted death because they tend not to use them .
The gun debate is not just urban versus rural .
Just a couple of towns over from marvin <unk> farm lives betsy ross .
To her guns are a reminder of the pain she felt after her husband killed himself .
He just picked it up propped it against the in the trunk leaned against it reached down and pulled the trigger .
Now he wouldn't have done that if that gun hadn't been right there for him to just reach out and pick up .
She wrote a book as a way to support other survivors of suicide most committed with guns .
Is the problem guns or people .
Guns kill people .
Gun availability and gun laws are basically irrelevant .
Really what would i say .
Bull <unk> .
It's not clear cut say researchers who find guns and people have a complex relationship of competing risks and benefits .
For the average person who's trying to make sense out of this data it could be quite confusing .
Unfortunately i think that confusion serves a political agenda .
The national rifle association charges the leading public health researchers are incompetent and should loose federal funding .
No one challenges work that is anti gun the media love it bureaucrats love it they simply don't apply the same standards to researchers in those areas .
I'm not anti gun i'm anti homicide i'm anti gunshot injury i'm anti people being crippled for life when their spine is severed by a bullet .
Art <unk> is no more honest personally than he is in his research .
Opposing the n. r. a. are gun control lobbyists .
On both sides lobbyists argue positions that often go beyond what research data can support .
Because i'll tell you the problem of violence the problem of guns is just getting overwhelming .
At times the politics also seem overwhelming .
Yet researchers have faith that by sorting through the facts understanding eventually will emerge insight on how to take into account people who use guns for defense or for business .
Researchers recognize guns unlike some virus do not by themselves cause the disease of violence .
Guns are only one piece of the violence picture .
If you did away with all guns tomorrow you'd still have a violent society .
Singing his truth is marching on .
These are the voices that violence in america threatens to silence .
Every single day i go to the morgue and i see children and they have lots of bullet holes in their bodies or they have lots of stab wounds .
If these junior high school boys die before they become adults the most likely reasons will be murder or suicide .
All these intellectual folks with all these brains and all these degrees don't have any idea what the deal is .
They don't have any idea how to save your life but you do .
Researchers seek answers to violence by seeking to know the people violence consumes .
That journey toward knowledge has just begun with the consensus that violence is more than a matter for police and prisons .
It's a threat to life and health that can be studied like cancer or heart disease .
And when we started doing this stuff we would publish something and people would say ho hum we'd never hear it was like dropping a rock into a well and not hearing anything .
So it's good that people care about it .
Researchers draw a parallel to tobacco smoking a deadly behavior that was once accepted is now shunned .
That same thing is true about violence that it's a learned behavior and that it can be <unk> .
In <unk> iowa legislators recently met with researchers seeking guidance on what to do about violence .
We don't have a sound basis for information that having a gun is more dangerous than not having a gun .
I'm absolutely convinced that's so but most of my colleagues are not .
To know what to do researchers and policy makers must have clear vision clear information on violent acts .
And right here it's happened again another shooting another statistic .
As soon as police arrived at the scene they started gathering information about the drive by shooting of a young man .
We're going to have to take you up for an operation you know that right .
At the hospital doctors gathered even more information about the patient and his wounds .
But most or all of that information remains locked in individual files out of the reach of researchers who need better data in order to draw a clear picture of the damage violence <unk> .
Government files do show more than fifty thousand lives lost each year to homicide and suicide in the united states .
Researchers estimate there may be a hundred times that many injured survivors five million each year but no one really knows for sure .
He's gonna find one of his little buddies and he's gonna get somethin' to hurt dad or dad gonna hurt him .
Efforts to treat violence are in their infancy .
I think that anyone who believes that we're going to have a major impact on firearm violence in less than fifteen to twenty years is kidding themselves .
But i want my children and my children's children to have a safer country to live in .
On <unk> wilkins first birthday her guardians have that same wish .
Some day her uncle may have to explain to her a world in which <unk> mother was shot down just because she was standing on the wrong street corner .
I think a lot of times about the other families who are going through the same thing i've gone through or who will go through the same things in the future .
And the children growing aware of the violence swirling around them eroding the foundations of their lives .
Those children must be treated those children must be handled they must be redirected .
Those children must be helped .
Happy birthday to you happy birthday to you .
