In italy there is a revolution under way a so called peaceful revolution aimed at ridding the country of corrupt politicians and mafia driven crime .
It's an effort as the italian president said today to renew the country's national landscape .
And as frances kennedy reports from rome it's a revolution that has created turmoil in the nation's high schools .
In rome and cities across italy more than half a million students have turned out to protest against what they call jurassic school a <unk> prehistoric system which urgently needs reform .
They're also opposing cuts in education funding and moves to give high schools greater autonomy which they fear will lead to the <unk> of the school system .
We want a new school another school fifty years ago .
We want a school where private industries don't decide for us but we want to decide because school is a right for everybody .
We are also against this alternative school because this gives too much power to the <unk> and this is not real democracy .
The movement's been gathering pace since the school year began in september .
High students have physically taken over and occupied hundreds of schools throughout the country .
Eva gilmore a pupil at <unk> high school in rome explains what the occupation entails .
You stop doing normal lessons .
The students stay in the school all the times twenty four hours a day and normally the teachers aren't allowed to come in .
The school is completely run by the students all the time .
The immediate focus of the protest is a new law which gives each high school administrative and educational autonomy and allows it to seek contributions from private companies and individuals .
Pupils are concerned that if private enterprise is contributing to school funding it might seek to set a curriculum that suits the needs of industry rather than those of the students .
The pupils are in favor of giving the schools more power but they fear this may create further inequalities in the system .
It could be good and intelligent that you get money not only from the state but also from other sorts of sponsors yes but we're a bit afraid of the city of <unk> the school and the education because the schools from the richest party of italy will find many many sponsors and will be very rich and they'll do hundreds of beautiful things but the schools from the poor parts of italy will probably remain as they are .
The education ministry says accusations of <unk> are unfounded and have been fueled by opposition political groups and teachers who fear for their jobs .
Junior education minister <unk> <unk> says after thirty years the government is on the brink of approving a serious reform package of which autonomy is just one element .
The italian education system of today was created during the period of fascism and is over centralized and bureaucratic .
There's a heavy emphasis on <unk> learning and daunting oral examinations .
The minimum leaving age is still fourteen the lowest in the european community and only sixty percent of teenagers who start high school complete their diploma .
Truancy is also a serious problem especially in southern italy .
Students and teachers agree that the highly theoretically curriculum has outlived its usefulness .
Again eva gilmore .
It's still organized in a very old way which has no relationship with the society with the quest for working preparation .
The kind of preparation which the school gives to young people who have to come inside the world of work is very low .
But the inadequacies of the school system are not just the fault of national government .
Local authorities are responsible for the actual school buildings many of which are in a terrible state .
In palermo the city council rented premises obviously <unk> for school use from private companies linked to the mafia .
In many schools there just aren't enough classrooms so some children attend school in the morning others go in the afternoon .
The tide of frustration with italy's creaking education system has come to a peak just as the government finally looks capable of <unk> a serious reform .
But the people's protest also reflects the wider desire for change in all aspects of italian society .
Sociologist <unk> <unk> of the <unk> research foundation explains .
You know in italy at the moment we are living a very complex situation .
We are changing our political class we are changing our political way to elect people in the parliament and the general environment political environment is going to change .
So i think that the students show the different tensions that there are inside the society .
By taking their protests into the <unk> italy's teenagers are showing that they value their education but they're also warning the powers that be that they won't just accept any old reform and they don't want important decision being taken over their heads .
