All this week we have been reporting on republican efforts to <unk> congress to suit their new majority status .
Meantime defeated democrats have been struggling to come to terms with being out of power on capitol hill .
C. n. n.'s candy crowley has the story .
Still stunned by the depth and breadth of their losses democrats are pondering how in their new status as the minority party they will work with an unpopular president who is nonetheless their party leader .
You want to take that question .
I don't i think we just ran out of time .
It's a good question and .
Democratic centrists want the president to move to the middle .
Their strategy members say is to get behind a sound policy and hope the president will follow suit .
We're going to support him actively whenever he follows through on some of these mainstream programs .
And every now and then we'll stand up and say hey mr. president stay the course stick with the mainstream .
Liberals warn of the danger that clinton too far to the middle is nothing more than a republican in drag .
The left is urging that clinton stay true to traditional democratic ideals .
As members of the same party we have the same goals and that's to focus in on working americans .
That's where we're going to give them a good tax cut put money in their pockets and not the pockets of wealthy investors .
They've had their heyday .
And though some democratic leaders voice fear over the <unk> of their party nobody wants to get too close .
Their inclination is at least in part to blame the president for his missteps and therefore they feel a need especially the new democratic minority leaders in the house and senate to put at least some symbolic distance between themselves and the president .
The truth is democrats privately and publicly blame bill clinton for the november debacle but nobody is willing to step up to the plate .
I don't see in the midst of all the grumbling anybody at this point who's prepared to take him on within the democratic party .
He's been used to being down before .
He's been used to making mistakes before and he's had this remarkable capacity to come back .
At this point it is george bush who may be the source of greatest comfort to bill clinton .
In march of ninety one bush's popularity hit ninety one percent .
The next year he was turned out of office .
Call it the theory of political gravity george bush having proved that what goes up can go down .
It is not a giant leap to theorize that bill clinton can prove what goes down can also go up .
Candy crowley c. n. n. capitol hill .
There are new developments in our whitewater file .
An attorney for james mcdougal bill and hillary clinton's former business partner says mcdougal has been told he is a target in the whitewater investigation .
The notification came from special prosecutor kenneth starr .
At the same time mcdougal's lawyer says he does not expect an immediate indictment of his client .
Meanwhile u. s. district judge bill wilson is removing himself from presiding over the webster hubbell case in little rock .
Hubbell is the long time clinton confidante who pleaded guilty to mail fraud and tax evasion earlier this week .
In removing himself judge wilson noted he was appointed by bill clinton and is a good friend of the first family .
For the most part democrats have been rather quiet while the incoming g. o. p. house speaker newt gingrich has consolidated power on capitol hill .
But some democrats showed signs of fighting back today .
House democratic whip david bonior called for an outside counsel to join a house ethics committee investigation of gingrich .
The committee has been looking into charges that gingrich solicited large political contributions under the guise of financing a college course .
All of this all of this appears to be a part of an elaborate shell game in which newt gingrich has masterminded a multi million dollar personal slush fund some of which was subsidized at taxpayer's expense .
Questions remain about every part of gingrich's empire .
Gingrich's office released a statement calling the bonior request ill advised .
Also today two democratic senators took aim at a gingrich proposal to place the children of some poor single mothers into orphanages rather than support them with welfare .
North dakota senators byron dorgan and kent conrad called the orphanage idea callous and wrong headed .
Conrad who himself was orphaned at age five and was raised by his grandparents was especially tough .
Republicans ran on the twin themes of reducing the size of government and pro family values .
And one of the first proposals that they come with is a policy of taking children out of families and putting them in government run orphanages .
What could be a greater contradiction .
Let me just say that the proposal by newt gingrich is i believe anti family destructive of children and wildly impractical .
The senators called instead for possible settlement houses for poor families and for vigorous enforcement of child support laws .
If a new poll is any indication americans don't have much confidence in the republicans' contract with american .
A new c. n. n. slash u. s. a. today gallup poll shows half of the more than one thousand adults surveyed predict the g. o. p. will not fulfill the contract .
And by fulfillment seventy one percent of those polled say congress must actually pass the proposals in the contract .
It's not enough for republicans to merely bring the measures to the floor .
On another topic sixty two percent say there should be term limits for members of congress .
Thirty six percent say members should serve as long as voters re elect them .
Fifty eight percent say if a term limit law did pass it should limit house member to six years .
Thirty eight percent said twelve years should be the limit .
And when asked what should happen to current members of congress who already have served twelve years if a twelve year term limit were to pass fifty seven percent say the members should not be allowed to run again .
Thirty seven percent say they should be allowed to serve up to twelve more years .
The republican congress and the environment .
Next up on inside politics some environmentalists are afraid scenes like this will be spoiled when the g. o. p. takes over congress .
And later mario cuomo prepares to leave the new york governor's mansion .
