For the better part of four decades jacqueline <unk> kennedy onassis has been one of the most famous most <unk> most admired people in the world .
Today comes word that the former first lady is in grave condition .
C. n. n.'s charles feldman is outside the onassis home in new york city .
Charles what can you tell us .
Good evening judy .
And the word from here has not been good all day .
Nothing more the doctors can do .
That's what jacqueline kennedy <unk> doctors and spokesperson said earlier in the day and so she checked out of new york hospital <unk> medical center to come home here to new york's fifth avenue .
Throughout the day a steady stream of her family members and close friends .
More on that .
Here's c. n. n.'s gary tuchman .
With all the pictures film and video that have been taken of jacqueline kennedy onassis through the years perhaps none are as memorable as those where she is with her husband the president and their children john and caroline .
So many of those family images were of happy times but so many of others were of sad tragic times .
On this day the pictures of her family members coming to visit here are once again sad ones .
The mother of john and caroline is back home at her new york city apartment because doctors say nothing more can be done for her in the hospital .
Throughout the day family members came to be by her side .
People like her sister lee <unk> her nephew joe kennedy congressman from massachusetts and brother in law senator edward kennedy .
We wanted to be here this evening .
Got a good shot .
She's resting comfortably .
Got a good chance to talk to john and caroline and i think everyone wants to respect her privacy and her feelings .
Mrs. onassis suffers from non hodgkin's lymphoma a cancer of the <unk> system that typically strikes people over fifty .
It's among the most rapidly increasing types of fatal cancer .
Hillary and i have been in touch with mrs. onassis in the last several days and are getting regular updates .
She's been quite wonderful to my wife and to my daughter and to all of us and we're thinking about her praying for her .
A monsignor from mrs. <unk> parish church arrived at her apartment to perform the catholic sacrament of the sick which is given to seriously ill people .
A spokeswoman for mrs. onassis says there is no further treatment available for her but adds that the sixty four year old former first lady is grateful she has her family close by .
Gary tuchman c. n. n. new york .
Charles we saw some cameras in the background .
Give us a sense of the atmosphere there .
Well judy it's really a rather interesting scene her .
In fact if we pan off me a bit you can see the large crowd of reporters gathered in front of the apartment where jacqueline kennedy onassis lives .
And it's in some ways rather ironic and also rather sad .
Here's a woman after all judy who is probably one of the most private public individuals this country has ever seen .
She checked out of new york hospital <unk> medical center obviously because she wanted to be alone in the privacy of her apartment with her friends and her family members .
And instead as you can see or as you just saw there is an army a legion of press here .
The atmosphere sadly is somewhat circus like .
Every time a family members comes in or out the press charges after them .
One family member in fact i was told was actually bumped into or lightly hit by someone's camera .
And there's an irony to that .
This is as i said somebody who has lived her life with a great deal of dignity with a great deal of restraint who refused to acknowledge publicly the many reports and rumors that have come out in television and on radio and in newspapers throughout the years the thirty one years in fact since she left the white house .
And now in what appears to be her final days or final hours or whatever it may turn out to be the atmosphere here again is circus like .
One sign surely of the affection in which she is held by so many people .
