Now from a. b. c. news twenty twenty ths continues .
Once again barbara walters .
Who really did know nicole and o. j. simpson .
Many people have made that claim since the murders nearly four months ago but tonight we bring you three people who by everyone's measure were really insiders .
They will give you an intimate view of both nicole and o. j. simpson including a startling revelation that could possibly shed new light on the case .
Now meet nicole simpson's closest friends .
Chris jenner now the wife of olympic athlete bruce jenner had known nicole simpson since they were teenagers together .
Ron hardy who was introduced to nicole by chris came to consider nicole as a sister .
They were both part of nicole's inner circle of close friends .
It was ron hardy to whom nicole's family turned when it came time to clean out her townhouse after the murder .
Police had said that when they first arrived at the scene there was music on the stereo and candles in the living room .
When you came to nicole's house two days later after the crime those candles were still burning .
Right .
Right or one of them was i believe it was one of them .
The story is that nicole lit candles in her living room when she was expecting a boyfriend .
Is that so .
Yeah .
I think nicole lit candles a lot in her house .
She loved candles and when she was expecting company she would go downstairs and turn on the music and light the candles .
And that was pretty significant of the way nicole would treat any of us .
So it would mean she was expecting a friend or someone that she wanted to make it .
Nice .
Nice .
Pretty .
Right but not that she was necessarily going to have a romance .
Number .
Number .
Nicole was very attractive .
Nicole was a beautiful girl .
Nicole had a gorgeous body .
She had a beautiful face and we all hated her .
No she was .
Not a tiny girl .
Nicole was about five seven .
She weighed about one hundred thirty six pounds and she was a big girl .
She wore my coats i think .
She had big shoulders .
Yeah yeah .
She was a big girl .
The picture that one gets of nicole is that she was so very much under o. j.'s what power direction .
Describe the relationship as you saw it .
Nicole and o. j. had a very unique relationship in that when nicole was married to o. j. there was no better wife .
She was a great wife she was a great mom .
I think o. j. controlled nicole and during that time i realized through conversations with nicole and during that whole time how controlled she really was .
Was she nervous .
She was nervous .
I remember for years nicole would bite her fingernails so badly that they would bleed .
They were bitten all the way down to the quick .
That seems like a silly thing but those were her nerves you know .
She would just chew at her nails because she didn't know how to communicate what she was going through whatever that was to anybody .
We keep hearing the word obsessive that he was obsessive .
You're nodding your heads .
Give me some examples .
I mean i think o. j. really wanted to know where she was all the time especially she wasn't living at the house with him anymore .
So we went on a vacation together a bunch of us and we were in mexico we were thousands of miles away .
And he would he was on the phone constantly constantly calling her .
Was o. j. jealous .
O. j. was jealous .
O. j. was jealous of the people that she would associate herself with if they were male .
It took him a while to get used to the fact that she was now dating and she had every right to go out and date .
She was divorced .
They had a very passionate relationship so to disconnect from that was very difficult for him .
How do you feel about o. j. simpson .
I think because i have been friends with both o. j. and nicole for so many years i'm not only saddened and grieving for my girlfriend who was brutally murdered but for a very troubled man and i'm very confused .
Do you want to see him .
Number .
Another close friend of nicole simpson was cora fishman her regular running mate and confidante .
We talked to each other .
The last four years we talked every day .
In fact i still do miss her eight o'clock call the nine o'clock call .
I mean we talked to each other for like three or four times a day .
Really .
Yes .
And then you went running every day .
Basically every day .
What did you talk about on those ten mile runs .
Well you know when you run ten miles it's kind of hard to talk 'cause you're huffing and puffing .
We talked about our lives .
She always was talking about how she always had wanted to be how o. j. could just change how o. j. could just stop womanizing .
She knew of the rumors that o. j. had other women while they were married .
Yes she knew that .
And she could live with that .
Well she did i think .
You know why .
Because she loved o. j. so much to a point where she was able to live with that for years .
I think it was part of denial .
She knew it but she because she loved him she and she had kids .
So for her she just wanted to have a family .
Did nicole have <unk> while she was married .
Number .
She was a devoted wife to o. j. .
The famous nine hundred eleven phone call when the nicole said that o. j. was trying to break down the door and threatening her .
First of all he broke the back door down to get in the door .
Okay wait a minute .
What's your name .
Nicole simpson .
This call was made from nicole's rented house in october of nineteen ninety three .
Almost five years earlier when they were still married nicole had called police to complaint the o. j. had beaten her in their family home .
The incident last year did not result in an injury .
Did she talk to you about that .
She told me the following day that o. j. went nuts again .
She only told me that o. j. started screaming and yelling because of that picture of keith .
Keith was keith <unk> who dated nicole for several months .
Ironically he worked for the owners of the mezzaluna restaurant where nicole dined the night of her murder .
<unk> says that o. j. simpson spied on nicole's living room one night in april of nineteen ninety two as keith and nicole made love .
O. j. confronted them he said the next day .
According to cora o. j. told her about it .
O. j. told me i heard it all but i don't know .
I have no confirmation of that .
That was just in passing that o. j. told me and nicole told me that o. j. knew about that relationship .
O. j. used to call you all the time .
Yes .
And ask questions about nicole .
Yes .
Like what .
What's nicole thinking again .
What is she up to .
There were reports of a young man an actor named joseph <unk> who had been seeing nicole .
What was that .
She did care about joseph partly because joseph was a very mellow guy .
He was very calm the exact opposite i guess of o. j.'s behavior you know .
What happened when o. j. heard about joseph .
Well he got upset but there was nothing he can do about it .
Cora there have been rumors that o. j. was stalking nicole spying on her .
Yes .
Do you know anything about this .
He did follow us but he said it was just coincidence you know that it just so happened that he was there at a place where we were .
Was nicole afraid of o. j. .
She was very fearful of o. j. i guess because of that incident in nineteen eighty nine when she was hit by o. j. .
She was afraid o. j. might beat her up again or hit her again .
Yes .
Right .
Did she ever express fear for her life .
We never really talked about that .
I guess she just mentioned oh i'm so scared of o. j. i'm so scared of o. j. but that's how far our conversation was .
What do you think made her decide finally that she was going to leave o. j. .
When she said you know what .
I'm getting old .
I need a stress free life .
I can't take this anymore .
I want to be myself and not be with a man who is always telling me what to do .
Nicole was thirty five .
Yes .
Was she worried about getting old .
We talked about that .
We talked about gee one of these days we'll have wrinkles here wrinkles there so yes she was afraid of getting old .
Nicole seemed to prefer younger men .
She was attracted to younger men .
I think it's because you know when somebody who's thirty five years old had two kids and all of a sudden twenty twenty five year old guys look at you you feel good .
And i think she's also reliving her youth .
She was going through a phase in her life you know .
In what was considered a suicide note from o. j. he said there were times when he felt like an abused husband .
Did you understand that .
Well nicole said you're old .
There are times she'd say to him .
Yes that you're too old for me .
So it made him feel you think abused in his way .
Yeah right .
Yes .
And one day nicole well this is what o. j. told me how one day she wants me in the relationship one day she doesn't want me in that <unk> and so o. j. said i don't know what she wants to do .
Like a yo yo .
Yeah right .
The latest development in the simpson story is the claim of lesbian relationship .
In a book to be published shortly a woman named fay resnick says that she and nicole simpson were intimate .
Resnick was known as a close friend of nicole's toward the end of nicole's life .
Cora this is very sensitive but nicole told a friend about her relationship with fay resnick .
You were that friend yes .
What did she tell you .
What do you know of it .
I'm very very upset about what fay had done .
Writing this book .
Writing this book .
I felt like she used nicole she seduced nicole for this .
Nicole is so vulnerable she was vulnerable and basically she was acting like a twenty year old woman .
Experimenting .
She's experimenting stuff and i don't think there is something she's not a lesbian .
She's always wanted men so i don't know why fay even wrote about this .
I don't know if she wants to make money out of this .
Fay .
Fay .
Cora did fay resnick spend a lot of time in nicole's house during the last weeks of nicole's life .
Yes .
Fay has been sleeping there almost every night .
Fay resnick is an acknowledged drug user .
She used cocaine .
She was in a rehab center .
Several times .
At the time of nicole's murder .
Yes .
To your knowledge did nicole use drugs .
No not that i know of .
To your knowledge .
I've never seen her do drugs or cocaine .
To your knowledge did o. j. simpson use drugs .
That i don't know .
Nicole never told me so .
She never complained about that .
Number .
Having a friend with a drug problem who knows what circle that is .
Is this anything that could have contributed to nicole's death .
You know barbara i thought about that .
I said if this has something to do with drugs but nobody would even who would hurt nicole .
She was not even involved with drugs .
Fay was .
Do you remember your last conversation with nicole and when it was .
My last conversation with nicole was the day we ran .
She said to me she was actually she was very happy and she said you know what cora .
I feel so free now .
I feel like i could do anything i want .
I'm not afraid of him anymore .
When was this .
This was a friday .
And on monday she was gone .
Yeah .
Now your opinion .
Do you think that what we just heard these people say to you is going to be of help to the defense or the prosecution .
It could be either .
For example the defense might be pleased because cora offers a possible alternative theory that is a drug connection which could raise the possibility of drug related violence .
You know it could cast a doubt on the guilt of o. j. and anything that casts a doubt on that guilt is good for the defense .
On the other hand the prosecution could be pleased because the interview provides an open window to the intensity and the fear in the relationship between o. j. and nicole .
It could work either way .
Now since these people were friendly with o. j. .
Yes .
As well how do you feel that the others aside from chris jenner felt about him or feel about him now .
I think they all feel somewhat the same way that is they wish that there were another suspect especially for the children .
You know the children were very close and played together <unk> children nicole's children .
There is not now another suspect but i think they would be very relieved if there were .
And they see it keenly as a massive tragedy all the way around .
Thank you barbara .
We'll be right back .
Now and just in time of the weekend important medical news about drinking and your heart .
A couple of drinks a day can reduce your risk of heart attack or stroke by as much as forty percent .
That's the conclusion of a new scientific study from britain the second study in a week to tout the benefits of moderate drinking .
The british study to be released this weekend is the longest one ever done on the effects of alcohol on health .
These doctors are among the twelve thousand tracked over a thirteen year period and they found fewer deaths among the doctors who drank one to three drinks a day compared to those who had more than that or who didn't drink at all .
And the researchers said wine and hard liquor are equally effective .
Just last week a much smaller study from boston reached the same conclusion and in that one the researchers said moderate drinking reduces heart disease by keeping arteries <unk> .
Researchers warn however that more is not better .
Heavy drinkers that is people who have six to ten drinks a day actually increase their risk of death .
That shouldn't surprise us .
By the way both studies focused on men but the researchers say the findings probably apply to women as well .
We'll be right back .
Well it has become time to check in with ted koppel who has a preview of tonight's nightline .
Tonight on nightline a u. s. aircraft carrier is on the move and american troops are put on alert as saddam hussein moves thousands of his troops toward the borders of kuwait .
We'll talk live with a senior iraqi official and bring you the very latest information tonight .
That is nightline after your local news and that's twenty twenty ths for tonight .
We thank you for joining us .
You're welcome .
And remember we're in touch so you be in touch .
I'm barbara walters .
And i'm hugh downs .
And for all of us here at twenty twenty ths have a good weekend be safe .
