We begin with a surprising story about teenagers and sex .
You might think all teenagers everywhere nowadays are sexually active .
From t. v. shows to movies to schools where condoms are dispensed along with sex education that's the picture we get .
But it's not the full picture because right now there's an interesting movement gathering steam in teen circles across the country and the <unk> is <unk> .
Yeah well believe it or not many thousands of teenagers are just saying no to sex vowing to be virgins .
And if that amazes you you'll be more surprised to learn that they're saying it out loud and in front of other teenagers .
As john stossel found out it's a new teen spirit but is it strong enough to help them resist the most powerful of temptations .
Being a teenager is so confusing .
Your body goes through intimidating physical changes .
Your hormones send strange new signals and all of it happens under a barrage of conflicting images and messages .
Your church or your parents or your school may tell you not to have sex .
Have you heard of genital warts syphilis gonorrhea .
Have you heard of <unk> .
But your body and popular says something else .
You see images on t. v. with people having sex and you just picture it in your head like dang .
<unk> and these other teens are all sexually active and <unk> about it .
How old were you when you first had sex .
Fifteen .
Why did you choose to have sex .
Well this is something i wanted to do .
The fact is these days most of the kids feel that way .
The government says that by age eighteen most of the girls and three fourths of the boys are no longer virgins and about a third of them have been sexually active since they were fifteen .
Eighteen year old bob says sex is just wonderful .
Imagine something that you love the happiest you've ever been in your entire life and multiply it by two or three times and then you've got how i feel about sex .
Kim was a virgin until she met chris .
Why'd you take the extra step with him .
Because it was it's the closest i've ever been to anybody and i trust him a love more than i've trusted anyone else .
Last year <unk> decided she was ready .
Do you use birth control .
When i have it .
Is that half the time more or less .
At first when i had it i used it .
If i didn't .
But what about getting pregnant .
I am pregnant now .
Of course there are many teenagers who choose not to have sex .
One in five remain virgins at least through their teenage years .
Sixteen year old dominique said no .
I could have sworn i was in love with him .
Nobody can tell me i wasn't but still i just knew where to draw the line .
One of our first conversations when we started going out was what we would and wouldn't do .
Tommy and elizabeth are both fifteen .
And what did you decide you would and would not do .
Hands and you know from time to time yeah maybe we will kiss but that's .
These teenagers are virgin and in what many parents hope will be a trend they're speaking out about it proudly .
The relationship i'll have sexually with my wife will be so beautiful because it'll be the only one .
Their reasons vary .
Some fear pregnancy or disease .
Some say waiting is just the moral thing to do .
For many the most powerful influence is their religion .
A year and a half ago the southern baptist convention started something called true love waits an organization dedicated to teaching and preaching abstinence .
We honestly teenagers were beginning to feel that adults were giving up on them .
Government leaders educators parents really all of adult society was unintentionally saying to young people we fully expect you to be sexually promiscuous .
We felt like we needed a new group of adults who would say to teenagers we fully believe in you .
We think you are perfectly capable of choosing values and living consistently with those values .
Other denominations have joined the true love waits campaign .
Some hold ring ceremonies where parents give their child a ring as a symbol of chastity .
In return the child promises his family and god and his future spouse not to have sex before marriage .
The ring is to be worn until his or her wedding night as a reminder of the promise made .
At other churches teenagers stand alongside their parents in front of the congregation and make a public vow of abstinence .
I think it will be very hard but i think we have it easier than most people .
You know we have god beside our side .
Emily is thirteen .
That will take a lot of the pressure way .
Thomas is sixteen .
God is the one who's saying don't do it don't do it don't do it while everything else even myself is saying do it do it do it .
This summer true love waits teens from all over america boarded buses and wound their way to washington d. c. to rally to celebrate <unk> .
The teenagers signed cards pledging their <unk> and planted twenty thousand of the cards on the mall creating a field of abstinence .
Their work finished thirty thousand teenaged virgins celebrated to the beat of christian rock and as day turned to dusk these young people who in their communities often feel the minority became a majority .
Advocates of comprehensive sex education have mixed feelings about all this .
Deborah <unk> is head of a sexuality information organization .
I think what this kind of attention does is it helps counter the everybody's doing it myth .
What i'm very concerned about though are the very many programs that are out there designed to scare young people from sex .
They give them the message that their sexuality is bad at least until they get a wedding ring .
Some kids hear that not just in church but in some schools that have become teaching abstinence only sex education classes .
You know that herpes is not curable genital herpes .
Now you can die from syphilis if you're not treated .
Like true love waits these say abstinence is the only emotionally and physically healthy option for teenager control your <unk> be a virgin .
If you stop at the lips and save sex for marriage then you're not going to have to worry about .
Planned parenthood and some parents have sued to have these courses changed arguing that because they leave out things like contraception they violate some state laws .
Preaching to them silly slogans like pet your dog not your date they may make us as adults feel better but we're not helping today's young people .
But even critics like <unk> acknowledge that the approach of the past couple of decades didn't work .
Back in the seventies we thought that if we just gave young people facts and we just provided them with birth control clinics we could take care of this problem .
We learned that we have to give young people skills .
We have to give them a chance to learn and practice what we're talking about .
An alternative to abstinence only called abstinence first does that .
Courses like this one in atlanta use peer counselors teenaged virgins themselves to counsel younger teens about the advantages of delaying intercourse .
By playing roles they try to show the younger kids how to say no .
A four year study of this course shows it has delayed the onset of sexual activity among younger teens .
Well that's the technique .
Say no .
Keep repeating it .
Don't offer excuses .
I am pleased to present one of the most talented professional athletes on the scene today direct from the n. b. a. and the phoenix suns .
And i want you to know something else the man is a virgin .
I give you a. c. green of the phoenix suns .
On another front pro basketball player a. c. green has launched athletes for abstinence .
Green spends most of the off season trying to convince the kids .
I respect myself i guess more than i really want to be part of the crowd or be cool .
He's also made a video and persuaded other athletes to make a pitch and virgins are <unk> back into popular culture .
Even the t. v. series beverly hills nine oh two one oh notorious for its sexually active teens has a virgin .
I don't intend to sleep with you .
Many kids appreciate this reassurance that it's okay to say no .
When seventeen magazine recently ran an article sympathetic to <unk> they received an outpouring of mail from kids .
Thanks .
I think many of us needed that kind of reassurance especially when three fourths of your friends aren't virgins anymore .
I hated myself for saying no but when i read your article i felt so much better and am happy i said no .
Thanks a bunch .
Apparently there's enough pressure that many kids feel defensive about wanting to wait .
I want the night that i get married to be as sacred as it can be and as much as baloney this may sound it's the absolute truth .
I want that one night after i get married to be the most sacred thing that it could be the most innocent the most pure the most beautiful thing that it can be and i just think .
Why do you say that may sound like baloney .
You get a lot of that that ideology that just says man what are you talking about beautiful you know feelings intimate saving the sacred you know you don't hear sacred and sex in the same sentence anymore .
I mean you just don't .
In addition to fighting their culture the virgins say they feel like they're fighting their own bodies .
It's hard .
It's getting harder and harder for me .
Before it was easier but now i'm eighteen years old and turning into a woman .
Women have needs obviously and it's i mean the rope is stretching to a point where you know .
I mean you'll make out with someone and then want to stop .
Yes .
The guys respect your wish .
Ninety percent of the time .
Well i mean it depends if they're if they've alcohol or drugs or something like that .
Have you lost a guy because you wouldn't .
Many times .
Many times .
For the religious it may be a little easier .
Do you feel physical urges that if that might lead if you didn't have your faith to sex .
Yeah .
If i didn't have my if i didn't have my faith there there is it would lead to bad things bad bad things .
I was in a movie theater and like an idiot i chose the back seat with my girlfriend .
For about three fourths of the movie i was back there making out .
I started to feel things were getting a little bit more intense .
In the heat of the moment .
Right in the heat of moment .
I said wait a minute i'm just about to do this .
Why is it okay to pet and to get all hot and but just not to have intercourse .
Why is intercourse the line .
It's because god didn't say don't <unk> god didn't say don't make out in the back of a movie theater .
God just said don't have sex before marriage .
Kissing can't create a child touching can't create a child oral sex can't create a child .
For many of us parents listening to these teens firmly praise <unk> it's natural to want to believe that this is a trend and it's possible that it may be but many experts say dream on .
I think that the abstinence trend is an adult hopeful myth .
I think we would very much like to believe that more and more young people are abstaining .
The data is completely different .
For the past twenty five years the data show a fairly steady increase in the number of young people having sex and a steady decrease in the age at which they start .
Of course there's never been a <unk> movement before .
Perhaps the fact that these kids are now speaking out and declaring confidently that they want to wait maybe this will start a trend .
I want to know how many virgins do we have out there .
You know that reminds me when i was in college on rainy nights we used to count virgins .
I went to an all girls' school but that's neither here nor there .
Do you think that <unk> the impetus to <unk> is primarily in religious groups .
Yes .
The conservative religious groups they're the ones organizing this movement and i think you can argue that a lot of those kids would have stayed virgins anyway .
But it does provide some leadership for kids who just want to see somebody saying i'm going to be a virgin .
You know being a virgin until you're married today when so many people are getting married later and we're almost telling young people to wait makes it much more difficult .
We are .
If you're asking them to wait till marriage you're asking them to wait longer because the average marriage age is twenty six .
When i was a kid it was twenty two .
Sexual maturity of twelve .
You're asking kids to wait twelve thirteen fourteen years .
Well maybe you can hope that they don't do it too young that there is the maturity to know the difference between you know the one night stand sex and love .
We hope so .
Thank you john .
Thanks .
And certainly safe .
Next those intimate things that you tell your doctor you assume that they're confidential don't you .
Well as this woman learned there are ways now for strangers to find out what's in your medical file and even use it against you .
