Undercover investigators in new york city have found that poor shoppers pay more for food than people in middle class neighborhoods and car dealers in that government study tried to hike the price of cars by an average four hundred dollars when they had a woman customer .
Jan hopkins reports on what to do if you suspect you're a victim of consumer discrimination .
If you're a woman an african american or someone with a low income you may be paying more for goods and services than other people .
Both government and independent investigations have shown that women sometimes pay more than men for dry cleaning and haircuts .
In addition some used car dealers quote higher prices to women and blacks than to white men .
And if you're poor you may be paying more for groceries or auto insurance than people in middle class areas .
Now if you have a fair driving record and you live in a poor community that's your hard luck .
You should pay more because you have a bad record you shouldn't pay more because you have a bad residence .
If you think you're a target of price bias you have some options .
Shop out of the neighborhood no one <unk> anybody to shop anywhere and i'm recommending you know what with the seniors we have like car pools in which we go to jersey we go to path mart we go to other stores out of the community farmers markets .
When shopping for auto insurance to find out the lowest rates call the insurance commission in your state or individual insurance agencies .
If you have a good driving record don't let an insurance agent put you on an expensive assigned risk plan .
You can ask to have your record pulled up on the computer .
Now it can be difficult to prove that a car dealer quoted you a higher price than another person or that a laundry or a hair cutter charged a woman more for the same work it provided to a man but if a woman's blouse does not need to be cleaned differently than a man's shirt your city's laws may say you should pay the same price .
Complain to your city or state department of consumer affairs .
