When bad weather hits you'd probably like to know if you'll be safe in your house and you'd also probably prefer not to learn the hard way .
Researchers are responding with a way of creating disasters which are only a test .
C. n. n.'s brian jenkins tells us how it's done .
When a hurricane blows through your neighborhood and you want to rebuild in the way you should who you gonna call .
<unk> also known as architectural testing incorporated or a. t. i. the biggest most comprehensive testing lab in the world for windows and walls and doors .
The lab is located in york pennsylvania but with the use of aircraft engines and water jets technicians here can re create weather conditions in the <unk> to see how well building materials stand up to wind and rain .
And with a giant refrigerated chamber computers can measure the heat lost through windows and doors in colder climates .
Henry taylor started a. t. i. in the mid seventies to test windows of his own design and decided before long that breaking glass was more fun than making it .
Figuring out new ways to beat up on building materials keeps him going .
I enjoy the challenge and i don't like to say no i can't do it .
So i guess that's what it is .
I'm not concerned about failure .
If i make a mistake i'll admit it and i'll try to do better and fix it the next time .
Architects and engineers worry about failure of their buildings .
Disasters like hurricane andrew have spurred development of new materials and they need testing in order to meet new building codes especially in south florida .
This cannon fires two by fours to test the strength of <unk> windows and doors .
This apparatus checks the seals on double <unk> windows to make sure they are air tight and water tight .
We cycle temperatures from one hundred thirty to one hundred thirty five degrees down to minus fifteen to twenty degrees fahrenheit four times a day .
Windows tested by a. t. i. can be found in the f. b. i.'s washington headquarters the crown on the statue of liberty and in the empire state building where the landlords say leaky window frames can ruin masonry and run up massive repair bills not to mention higher heating and cooling bills .
A. t. i. is paid to spot potential problems and henry taylor thinks his staff does that better than any other in the business .
We could give a pile of sawdust to some of our employees and they could make milk bottles out of it .
They're pretty talented .
And once they made the bottles they'd come up with all sorts of ways to knock them down .
