And up next on our inaugural special hillary clinton the evolution of the first lady who is now also the first adviser to the president .
When bill and hillary clinton came on stage here at the arkansas ball tonight bill clinton called out to the crowd doesn't hillary look great well a lot of people cheered but that is true a lot of people are looking at hillary clinton .
She has perhaps become a symbol of fears and hopes for american women .
Here's c. n. n.'s mary tillotson with that .
Hillary clinton's first term began at noon .
Mrs. clinton of course is not sworn to uphold anything .
But early in the campaign her husband told audiences a vote for him was a vote for her .
When you think of hillary think of our real slogan buy one get one free .
During the campaign while barbara bush was posing with pets and babies the clintons kept their own daughter chelsea out of the glare of cameras .
And mrs. clinton made that throwaway crack that seemed to <unk> at stay at home mothers .
You know i suppose i could've stayed home and baked cookies and had <unk> but what i decided to do was to fulfill my profession .
Republicans took that contrast with mrs. bush and ran with it in the campaign painted hillary clinton as a raving radical a woman whose success as a lawyer meant she was out to control husband bill and undermine the american family .
And in that struggle for the soul of america clinton and clinton are on the other side and george bush is on our side .
But by the time the republicans were aiming the heavy artillery at mrs. clinton from their houston convention it had already started to backfire .
It started to look like a desperation move by president bush who was losing .
For bush to attack hillary is ridiculous .
You know you'd think he was running for first lady instead of for president .
Then too by that time mrs. clinton had undergone an image make over had turned to a new softer <unk> and a new quieter public style .
And tipper gore wife of the vice presidential nominee was constantly by her side .
The newcomer to national politics mrs. clinton now had a seasoned political wife and washington veteran along to watch her back .
Mrs. clinton resigned from her one hundred thousand dollar a year job in little rock to move to washington .
But there are working women who think her life will make her more sympathetic to their problems than most first ladies have been .
Diane blair has known hillary clinton twenty years .
She brings to that office experiences that i do not believe any other first lady has had and that is the experience of having been in the work force for many many years and understanding the complexities of doing the juggling act that most american women now spend most of their lives doing .
Mrs. clinton is expected to function as a traditional first lady operating from the white house as an unpaid but powerful advocate for issues she believes in such as federal spending for children .
There has been much talk of mrs. clinton's changing the role of first ladies .
But there's nothing new about president's wives wielding power .
Sheila tate who worked for first lady nancy reagan says she hopes mrs. clinton will continue her work as an attorney for pay .
That's what it will take to break the mold .
There's one comment i keep tossing other person's comments at you .
Some columnist is saying the true mold breaker is going to be the man married to the woman president .
Well that's the next step .
The first step for mrs. clinton begins now .
Her friends expect her to take it cautiously since she learned during the campaign she is now under the kind of spotlight few people ever have to endure .
