While americans ponder issues facing the global marketplace and former communist regimes celebrate the fruits of capitalism commentator andre codrescu is thinking about karl marx .
It is possible says codrescu that communism still has something to offer the west .
In the big bang that followed the collapse of red fascist bureaucracies in europe karl marx seems to have gone down with his seeming <unk> .
But it really wouldn't do to throw the baby out with the bath water .
Marx despite all the defective products that bear his name called a lot of straight shots .
He said about the bourgeois for instance that it cannot exist without constantly <unk> the instruments of production and thereby the relations of production and with them the whole relations of society .
All fixed fast frozen relations with a train of ancient and <unk> prejudices and opinions are swept away .
All new formed ones become antiquated before they can <unk> .
All that is solid <unk> into the air .
All that is holy is <unk> .
And man is at last compelled to face his real conditions of life and his mutual relations with sober eye .
Now it doesn't take a great insight to recognize our western societies in these words .
One recognizes here also the complaints of our cultural conservatives who blame growing socialism for society's ills when they should be blaming capitalism .
The only revolutionary threat to family church and state in our time is capitalism proper which must overthrow its products continually in order to expand its markets .
The enemy for conservatives was never in the authoritarian police states of eastern europe or the soviet union but in the very heart of what makes our system work .
It therefore follows that the enemy of a dynamic expanding market is not the full communist but the conservative .
The revival of fascism in the <unk> former red fiefdoms is only an expression of distressed conservatism seeking new scapegoats .
Right wingers of every kind are indeed birds of a feather and they flock together when the world changes too fast for them .
Karl marx called this one right don't blame leninism and fascism on him .
Andre codrescu is editor of exquisite corps a journal of books and ideas .
I'm robert siegel .
And i'm noah adams .
