U. s. secretary of state warren christopher hopes to heal a growing rift with u. s. allies over bosnia policy .
But in meetings tomorrow and friday he'll likely hear calls for a military move the u. s. has tried to resist .
C. n. n.'s senior white house correspondent reports on that .
Sources say nato allies are putting new pressure on president clinton to deploy u. s. combat ground troops if needed to help evacuate u. n. peace keeping forces .
That would represent a major change in u. s. policy because mr. clinton has vowed no u. s. ground troops would be used in advance of a peace settlement .
The president has not made a decision one way or another about what how we would participate what nature that participation would take .
But i think protecting allied troops under hostile circumstances is a particular situation and something that we are certainly committed to doing .
But the president doesn't have much time to decide because the allies have let it be known they want an answer from secretary of state warren christopher during nato meetings in brussels this week .
The white house doesn't want the more than twenty thousand u. n. peace keepers withdrawn but u. n. secretary general boutros boutros ghali says he will recommend they leave if they can't be protected .
A pull out could easily become bloody .
But if such a withdrawal by unprofor forces and by the non governmental humanitarian organizations were to be undertaken under any kind of a opposition by any of the <unk> factions there it could be extraordinarily difficult .
Defense secretary william perry is recommending a very limited u. s. military option one designed only to assist in small rescue missions and administration critics in congress agree .
Again if there was some kind of extreme emergency where we could act immediately to save some lives fine .
But overall the europeans should be able to take care of their own people militarily .
National security adviser anthony lake tried to clarify a muddled u. s. policy distancing the administration from <unk> comments earlier this week suggesting the u. s. was no longer opposed to a confederation between the bosnian serbs and serbia proper .
We have made no concessions to the serbs we are determined to keep on doing what we can to help bring the parties to peace .
Lake and u. n. ambassador madeline albright are the administrations bosnia hawks .
Perry and shalikashvili the reluctant warriors and christopher and his state department aides arguing bosnia should not split the u. s. from its nato allies .
President clinton finds himself torn somewhere in the middle .
One reason his decision is so difficult is the allies the president meets with in budapest next week are demanding the u. s. honor its nato commitments .
But putting u. s. troops in harms way could also create enormous political problems for mr. clinton back home .
