The u. s. military is no different than much of corporate america it is down sizing .
Servicemen and women who have known the military their entire careers have to find jobs now in the civilian world .
C. n. n.'s brian cabell reports the military is trying to ease that transition with job fairs .
They arrived here about one thousand strong mostly active duty servicemen some retired some about to retire some contemplating retirement all considering new careers as civilians .
Well to be honest it's scared .
It really is it's scary but the military as we all know is down sizing .
Down sizing from a total force size of more than two million in nineteen eighty seven to about one point six million this year to less than one point five million in nineteen ninety nine all the result of demands for greater austerity .
For these officers and enlisted personnel now looking at an uncertain future the cuts were expected .
It's not a guaranteed career any more that it once was .
The there are a lot of there are a log of changes going on within the military itself organizational changes .
The expectations are different for a lot of officers than what they used to be .
Is this working for the company or working for a franchise owner .
Franchise .
Transition from the organized even <unk> life of the military to the less structured civilian job world can be daunting .
The military is helping with programs on resume writing interviewing and job seeking as a way of thanking the servicemen and women and also for practical reasons .
The more productive and the sooner that they are productive the better it is for us because we're not paying unemployment benefits or we're not supporting them in some other social program .
Military personnel may lack some skills of their civilian counterparts but the do have advantages .
These employers know that these folks are drug free .
They know that they have the discipline to learn some skills .
They know they know how to take orders they know how to give orders they take a mission and accomplish it .
That's an impressive resume and the mission for increasing numbers of them no longer secure in their military positions is to go out and find a new civilian job .
