Although the water is back on in des moines iowa it's still not safe to drink .
Two weeks after the raccoon and des moines rivers flooded residents of des moines are digging out from their worst natural disaster they've ever faced .
Businesses there estimate their losses at seven hundred million dollars .
And as mark <unk> of member station <unk> reports residents returning home are finding the damage is worse than they imagined .
In a seventy year old house right on the des moines river sixteen year old randy terrell is sifting through what's left in the basement .
He lives here with his mother and her boyfriend .
When the flood came he says the water rushed in so quickly it turned the deep freeze over and sent meat floating freely throughout the basement .
Our house is such a disaster area right now cause there was so much looting going on everything our house was broken into during that and we've got like right now we had buckets .
I must warn you this floor is slick .
It's dried out pretty good right now but .
At the holiday inn motel just across the street from the des moines water works plant the damage was much worse .
The man in charge of the clean up pat rush checks giant pumps and generators .
They're working to clean up the debris left behind when six feet of water forced its way in .
The murky water left a dark brown film on what's left of the walls on the first floor .
The stinking carpet and most of the <unk> has been torn out the swimming pool is full of mud and most of the first floor windows broke under the water's pressure .
Clean up equipment now <unk> through the lobby where the guests used to .
Now the restroom is to your right there and this would be the front desk .
There ain't too much of left of her .
Governors from several midwest states including iowa are heading to washington today to lobby congress for more flood aid .
But there's a place in des moines where people can get the most basic necessities without waiting for congress .
The salvation army has turned a vacant department store into a flood relief warehouse .
Captain margaret miles is in charge of the operation .
We have packed up food that volunteers have already sorted and boxed up an assortment of food and it's ready to go out as is .
Donations have come to this warehouse from all over the country .
Hand written messages are attached to many of the packages .
Dear friend i know it's hard to have a flood but i gave this <unk> so that your feelings will be nicer .
I hope you feel you better .
Hey do you want a pen pal .
Three hundred semi trucks have filled the huge tile floor here from wall to wall with clothes used furniture <unk> and mountains of disposable diapers .
The salvation army opened the relief center to flood victims today .
It will stay open through saturday and longer if needed .
For thousands of people in des moines it will take much longer for life to return to normal .
