We go now to the united nations to see what may be the latest there .
Richard roth is standing by .
Richard the focus then shifts to the united nations in terms of any discussion of <unk> sanctions .
The secretary general has been called into that .
What is this afternoon's agenda .
Well the security council has planned consultations .
Haiti is not on the agenda for now unless the secretary general <unk> to meet with the council or send an <unk> .
There are other issues on the table .
Last night the security council issued a very firm statement decrying the violence that was taking place in haiti and calling for troops to be allowed to land on haiti .
The u. n. secretary general is now awaiting a report from his special envoy to haiti dante caputo and after he receives that report and makes a judgment on it then the council may decide to <unk> sanctions .
Various diplomats have told us they kind of expect this to happen and they say that seeing that the council voted unanimously monday evening regarding this statement that there's a consensus in the council that it will not be very difficult and not be time consuming to <unk> some form of sanctions .
Now a u. n. spokesman earlier today at his daily noon briefing said the secretary general was not pleased to see that the u. n. force was still stuck at sea .
Obviously he thinks that they should be allowed to <unk> because that's part of the governor's island agreement .
They can't very well do their jobs sitting on a ship .
But we have to have a situation in which their safety is assured and which all parties to the governor's island agreement honor that agreement and adhere to that agreement .
The only question may be exactly what kind of new sanctions might be <unk> .
One diplomat said the council does not want to <unk> those sweeping sanctions of a few months ago because it may end up hurting the people and the council would like to target once again the military .
So that could be a freezing of financial assets of some of the military leaders who appear to not want to give up control .
However the council believes that it will act quickly .
That could take place wednesday perhaps thursday following a report from the secretary general should he judge it necessary to <unk> the sanctions .
And at the moment that's the way it appears to be going .
Richard roth c. n. n. reporting live from the united nations .
And one postscript to this fast developing story the associated press is quoting an official at the pentagon as saying that the harlan county will be pulled out of haitian territorial waters but will remain on the horizon and these preparations these moves do not mean that this mission to haiti has been canceled .
But in any case the raises new questions about whether father aristide can return to haiti as president .
