Some compelling photographs of symbols in a laotian rice paddy have raised new questions of whether american p. o. w.'s were left behind in southeast asia .
C. n. n.'s carl rochelle reports the photos were the focus of a hearing today before a senate committee looking into the p. o. w. issue .
The letters u. s. a. are clearly visible in pictures released by the senate select committee on p. o. w. slash m. i. a. affairs .
Near u. s. a. is what appears to be the letter k. recognized by some as a distress signal .
The pictures were made from classified satellite photos taken january twenty second nineteen eighty eight at sam <unk> laos an area where u. s. prisoners were believed to be held .
The pentagon says the letters were made by humans but it doesn't know who made them .
And of all the millions of square kilometers of territory in southeast asia that we've examined over the years we really only have two unexplained sets of symbols which were clearly intended to communicate something to an observer from above .
But there are still many questions unanswered .
The committee released other pictures showing letters numbers and arrows but andrews says those symbols were not made by humans .
Committee chairman john kerrey accepted that but vice chairman bob smith wasn't buying it .
Correct me if i'm wrong .
Mr. chairman we have not determined that .
That's exactly the point i'm making .
We have not had all our people look at it .
Precisely .
Well then why are we talking about it .
Why are we here .
Because we don't know as we sit here today that it is in fact a symbol and i will not be party to falsely raising hopes .
It may not be a symbol .
Let's be honest .
And it may be .
Despite doubts about some of the pictures an official who helped teach survival skills to the troops says the u. s. should not stop looking .
My personal opinion is that we shouldn't set this aside .
We ought to really look at this seriously as an <unk> from an individual as a possible <unk> where an individual is trying to communicate his existence to us .
The committee is continuing its investigation .
It will hold hearings behind closed doors friday to dig deeper into the information contained in the intelligence photos .
Meanwhile retired general john vesey the president's special representative for m. i. a. slash p. o. w. affairs is on his way to hanoi for more discussions on the fate of one hundred thirty five americans last known alive but who never came home .
