Whether it's a popular japanese import or an all american classic new cars for ninety four mean updated looks for some favorites on four wheels .
C. n. n.'s ed garsten takes us <unk> through detroit showrooms .
You won't find the ninety four mustang in your <unk> lot until december but already the redesigned sport ponies are being <unk> by anxious buyers like jeanne fitzgerald .
Like how sleek it is .
I like what they did with the roof line and the way they still incorporated some of the styling <unk> from the old mustang .
Those of us who like the testosterone segment are very very pleased to know that the mustang and the <unk> and <unk> which were introduced in the last six months are going to continue to warm our hearts .
The <unk> of the mustang into ninety four a herd of new vehicles will be buying for attention especially chrysler's new small car the neon .
While the price hasn't been revealed chrysler says the neon sticker will light the eyes of entry level buyers .
And so far it's lit the eyes of auto critics winning best of show at frankfurt germany .
Other cars turning heads in ninety four the toyota <unk> and <unk> the <unk> honda accord the chevy s. ten pickup truck plus a few that will be soon introduced .
The <unk> or <unk> as it's known all over the world but the u. s. the two hundred forty s. x. .
And a small car from ford still under wraps the aspire .
The aspire is a small car .
It's a car that has a retail price for a baby two hundred forty .
But what many car buyers are really interested in has nothing to with size or color .
Indeed safety is a main consideration this year .
I find it very important .
I'm doing a lot driving .
I'm in sales .
Leslie miller is in parenthood .
She wants the mini van for a little more room but the mini van she settles on will have .
Two air bags .
This one i looked at i almost bought it doesn't have air bags .
So i'm not even going back .
So the car companies are making air bags and anti lock brakes standard on many models .
When you think of pricing for ninety four think of the word bundle as in bundle of options .
That's how the car companies are selling them and you can find what's included on the sticker .
The car companies say buying options by the bundle can save you a bundle .
In this ford explorer a bundle of options that includes air conditioning and automatic transmission cost a one thousand forty five dollar a savings of six hundred dollars if you bought them separately .
Car companies call that value pricing .
So as auto makers become more price and safety sensitive for ninety four the new model year appears to be on a level headed course .
Domestically and worldwide it's the year of sanity .
