For every investment opportunity out there there are thousands of questions how safe is it .
How big a return .
How should i plan for the future .
And who better to ask but .
Not me .
Oh no .
Myron kandel returns as the host of just ask to help answer viewers' most pressing questions .
Welcome to another addition of just ask .
Our guest informant to day is bill <unk> author of the new book mutual fund superstars .
Questioner number one just ask bill .
Bill i'm not a bull .
I'm not a bear .
I'm a chicken .
What kind of investments would be good for me .
Three good chicken funds for people who are just kind of risk averse .
Number one the merger fund here's a very low risk fund .
They can earn probably twelve to fourteen percent in any given year and that's a reasonable return .
Second one i like is gateway index plus .
There you could probably earn ten to fourteen percent in a good year .
Another fund one like that takes a bit more risks about twenty three percent in foreign securities is fidelity equity income fund two .
Questioner number two just ask bill .
Bill i forgot to save money for my daughter's college education .
She's fourteen .
What should i do .
Probably a good deal is one of our chicken investments and one i like a lot for that kind of two or three year time horizon is fidelity equity income the second .
There's a fund that could earn fifteen to twenty two percent in any given year with very little market volatility .
And questioner number three just ask bill .
Bill how do you buy those treasury notes .
There are two ways to buy .
One is you can buy directly from the federal reserve .
You can go down there and get in the auction fill out the applications and what have you .
Or you can buy it through a bank or a broker .
If you think you might sell it before maturity say you by look at a two year treasury note and you say well i might want to sell that in a year .
You're probably better to pay a small fee and buy it through a bank or a broker .
That's our program for today .
If you have any questions just ask .
That's your money .
