There was a reality check about air safety today and government .
Yesterday the transportation secretary federico pena said that he wanted the safety rules that govern the nation's large airlines extended to the commuter carriers within one hundred days .
The federal aviation administration said today there has to be comment from the airlines and then review and the rules will not be in place until nineteen ninety six .
In chicago today the owners of the major league baseball teams were meeting again on the issue that could make or break the next season whether to impose a cap on players' salaries .
The meeting is over now the owners have decided to wait another seven days before making a decision .
A little more time to talk some more with the players .
Here's a. b. c.'s <unk> <unk> .
It has been one hundred twenty three days since major league baseball players went on strike .
Unwilling to accept the owners' demand to put a cap on team salaries .
Still it seemed like business as usual today in baseball .
December thirty first is the deadline for yankee season ticket holders to make a fifty percent deposit on the nineteen ninety five season a season in which four teams including the colorado rockies have raised ticket prices .
Business is booming .
Business is great .
And we have a waiting list of about two thousand people that are interested in purchasing season tickets for the ninety five season .
Baseball owners also continue to deal in high price talent .
Yesterday the philadelphia <unk> signed free agent greg jeffries to a twenty million dollar contract the same day the chicago white sox traded cy young winner jack mcdowell to the yankees .
I made the best deal i thought at this time that was possible .
At this time the owners insist they'll open spring training camps in late february with major leaguers defying their union or replacement players from the minor leagues .
The prospect of marketing major league baseball without major league talent could mean local television stations networks and advertisers abandon the sport .
This year baseball owners were forced to refund ninety five million dollars to television advertisers after the season was canceled in august .
And what they have done now is shot themselves in the foot caused advertisers to really wonder if they should invest millions of dollars behind this sport to market products .
In nineteen eighty seven the national football league players' strike crumbled when the networks and their advertisers willingly aired n. f. l. games with replacement players .
But that's not likely to happen in baseball .
The network t. v. deal doesn't kick in until july .
Until then local stations and their advertisers may not be willing to pay for games featuring lesser name talent .
<unk> <unk> a. b. c. news new york .
Some of the other news today .
A jury in oklahoma city has sentenced a convicted child rapist to thirty thousand thirty thousand years in prison five thousand years on each of six counts .
Jury members said they were fed up with seeing violent criminals released early from prison .
Under oklahoma law he is still eligible for parole in fifteen years .
In portage wisconsin today a fellow inmate has been charged with murdering the serial killer jeffrey dahmer and another prisoner two and a half weeks ago .
Christopher <unk> is a convicted murderer himself .
He used an iron bar and he reportedly told prison officials it was the will of god .
In seattle today a washington state trooper has been charged with unlawful imprisonment for <unk> a couple on their way to an abortion clinic .
The trooper stopped the couple for speeding .
They say that when he learned where they were going he held them against their will for forty five minutes .
And then he took them to a church counseling session where they were advised against abortion .
The woman later had one anyway .
