Chase work has stopped at the school project .
Now here's what i know .
The shakeup in the way we communicate in the coming years may be as <unk> as what alexander graham bell did for us one hundred twenty one years ago .
Bell surprised the world and himself when the device he created to aid the deaf found a better use as a telephone .
Its benefits were obvious even then but not so with cellular .
When a chicago insurance salesman made the first cellular call to mr. bell's grandson on october thirteenth nineteen eighty three not even a television camera was on hand to record the event and few industry experts ever thought cellular would catch on .
The experts predicted nine hundred thousand cellular phones up and running in the united states by the end of the century .
Seven years ahead of schedule there are thirteen million and the number is expected to double in the next three years .
Well for me it's the convenience of a small cellular to go in my bag and to just keep with me at all times .
And i think it was the evolution from a business application to a consumer application which really people didn't see in the early days the early forecasters didn't see .
Cellular is like a powerful wireless radio delivering your calls no matter where you are .
Over the past ten years it became a must have item for salespeople and others who need to work from their cars but others caught the cellular bug in what's become a twelve dollar billion industry .
Housewives teenagers just ordinary people leaped on the invention at historic rates faster than for television cable t. v. and the v. c. r. .
The safety reason is really why i want one .
For safety .
I just feel like in atlanta maybe everywhere now we need it .
Opinion polls tell us personal safety greater workplace efficiency and convenience hold the biggest appeal for cellular phone users .
Next comes size .
From the one they now call the old brick house cellular phones have shrunk to fit in a shirt pocket .
While the cost of making a cellular call remains high the phone prices themselves have dropped although not so fast that we can all afford one but that day may be coming .
As people are working longer for less money and they want to be in contact with the people that are near and close to them they will make it so that i envision a world in about five years where everyone will have the cellular phone .
And probably a whole lot more like personal digital assistants a lower cost low powered hybrid of the cellular phone and miniaturized computers offering phone fax e. mail voice mail and a personal organizer .
When a call is received freedom link routes the call through a configuration of base stations which serve as internal cell sites .
The cellular industry has created several <unk> of our not too distant future .
Some of them foresee the use of low powered personal digital assistants while others require the use of satellite link ups .
Either way the outlook is revolutionary .
Hello .
Steve sorry to bother you but bill freeman just called from dallas .
He's got a shot at advancement .
They want a modification on the a twenty nine .
Have bill call me .
Maybe we can figure it out .
Bill why don't you get us started .
Let me fax this to you .
Wait a second .
Won't the new a forty meet their <unk> without a modification .
Basically we're just tweaking the angle on the rotation arm .
It's only about a ten degree difference .
Thanks .
Video transfer ready .
O. k. .
Now on line .
<unk> is regular .
On lincoln way .
Unit forty two .
American lane's all tied up .
Follow me west on foster .
Ten four .
Right behind you .
The best is yet to come .
The interesting thing about what's happening with the whole wireless revolution is you ain't seen nothing yet .
There are still some bumps in the road ahead for cellular technology among them allegations the hand held units can cause brain cancer .
Several studies are now underway to see if those fears are justified .
Yet if there was any doubt about the future of this wireless industry the techno occupant of the white house in washington sat back during his special preview a few months back and he seemed <unk> by it all .
I love it .
Lori waffenschmidt c. n. n. future watch .
Here's another sign of where things are heading .
The association representative for the telecommunications industry predicts that by the end of this decade sales of wireless communications devices will <unk> the sales of the ones that will need to plug into a wall .
And that pulls the plug on us for this week .
Glad you could be with us .
I'm leon harris in for donna kelley .
