Japan's stock market today soared more than four percent after economic ministers approved a one hundred seventeen billion dollar stimulus package to jump start japan's weak economy .
That new spending on public works could double the country's growth rate this year .
It may well help ease growing trade tensions as well .
Kathleen behof reports from tokyo .
Signs of recovery are appearing so does a pickup in auto sales and industrial production .
The growth is falling far short of the nineteen ninety three target of three point three percent and consumer spending remains weak .
If the public reads about this package and certainly there is enough publicity that everyone in japan knows that there is some type of emergency action taken on the economy hopefully consumers will begin spending once again and that will be the perfect solution .
The stimulus package includes spending on a huge public works project for roads parks and sewer systems .
It provides tax breaks for housing loans educational expenses and investments by small business .
There is also money for what's being called a new social infrastructure .
Japan plans to build an advanced telecommunications and computer network that will be used by schools and universities hospitals and government research labs .
The high tech communications spending could be a boon for companies in the united states because they could get a shot at bidding for some of those contracts .
Given the technological position that a lot of the u. s. companies have in that area i would have thought that is a pretty ripe area for getting some share of the investment going into that .
In fact the timing of the stimulus package is said to be connected to the meeting scheduled later this week between president clinton and japan's prime minister kiichi miyazawa .
A boost in consumer spending here could stimulate imports of u. s. goods .
While u. s. companies could get a chance to make inroads into the japanese market .
Both could help ease the u. s. trade deficit with japan and cool down the tough trade talk coming from washington .
Kathleen behof c. n. n. business news tokyo .
The latest trade numbers from japan won't do anything to help ease trade tensions japan's trade surplus for the year ending march thirty first surged to a record one hundred eleven billion dollars up more than twenty five percent from the previous year its surplus with the u. s. jumping almost twenty percent forty six billion dollars that is quite a sharp increase in the value of the yen against the dollar .
And china not doing badly either the chinese government trying to trim its eighteen billion dollar trade surplus with the united states .
China today said it will buy almost ten thousand automobiles from general motors and chrysler .
Ford is selling the chinese government another five thousand cars that deal worth about one hundred sixty million dollars .
When we continue the great debate will president clinton's budget plan help or hurt the economy and investors .
I'll be talking to joseph mcalinden chief investment officer at dillon read and edward yardeni the chief economist at c. j. lawrence .
