Germany's restrictive new asylum law is being challenged in the german supreme court and the neighboring countries of poland and the czech republic anxiously are awaiting the outcome .
Their borders are clogged with refugees some of the nearly four million people who have been displaced by the fighting in former yugoslavia .
Even though they can no longer get legal asylum many refugees still try to get into germany to earn hard currency in the flourishing underground economy .
Tom <unk> visited the czech province of bohemia along the old east german border and filed this report .
See this path has already been <unk> and there is <unk> in front of us .
It's three o'clock in the morning among the <unk> that line the border between <unk> in northern bohemia and <unk> in eastern germany .
Czech border police have tried to catch refugees on their way to germany .
There are no mountains or rivers on this section of the border so it's a simple matter of walking through the fields and according to one of the border police it's made all the more simple by locals with a good knowledge of the area .
These days smuggling is the best job for people that want to earn a lot of money and it's stress free because it's not against the law .
Smugglers have new cars and as much money as they want .
By day <unk> looks like one large international railway station .
Families from all over eastern and southern europe kill time on the streets and in cafes before they attempt a border crossing .
Entering germany without a visa is not against czech law and the few who get caught by the czechs pay only a small fine before they're then free to try to cross the border again .
Inside the cafe germany in the center of <unk> <unk> a twenty eight year old machine operator from serbia <unk> coffee and smokes cigarettes .
He says he left serbia in april because he couldn't live on a salary of three dollars per month and was worried that he might get drafted into the yugoslav army .
<unk> his wife and two children got through the border last month but were caught by the german police .
Despite the new german asylum law he's planning to try again .
We walked through the border we walked all the night and then the next day they caught us .
We spent one day in jail and then they took us back to the czech republic .
So if that happened the last time why are they going to try again .
Are they not frightened that the same thing will happen again .
I am not afraid that they will take me take me back to czech republic but i am afraid that they will send me back to yugoslavia .
It's lunchtime at the refugee camp in <unk> <unk> a former soviet army barracks about seventy miles south of <unk> .
Refugees who seek asylum in the czech republic must first come here for health care and a short period of quarantine .
Only three years ago the idea of refugees seeking asylum in czechoslovakia was inconceivable but as the most prosperous country of the former communist block the czech republic is an increasingly appealing option for asylum seekers such as ali dixon a twenty five year old soccer player from ghana .
I made it from .
I got a ship and i came down to yugoslavia and from yugoslavia i came down to czechoslovakia .
Did you originally want to go to germany or .
No no i don't have aim of going to germany .
I don't like to go anywhere here is okay .
You want to live here as a czech for a while live with czechs and work with czechs .
Yes of course .
Yes and work with the czechs and live with the czechs .
I don't know much about germany only i was told here they can keep me safely you know peacefully and my life will be safe .
That's all .
<unk> says that he too may apply for asylum here if he can't get into germany .
So is the czech republic set to become the consolation prize for thousands more refugees rejected by germany .
Czech foreign minister <unk> <unk> thinks not .
I am convinced that the number of refugees will be much lower than now because most of the people go through our country to germany because of the liberal asylum law in germany .
So it may be that the change of asylum law will mean in effect solving of problem for us also .
Many would regard this as wishful thinking .
But government ministers are reluctant to discuss the implications of germany's new asylum law for fear of aggravating relations with the <unk> .
Nearly all of the refugees on czech soil come across the czech slovak border and government officials will privately admit that to stop the flow of refugees they will have to build a formal border with slovakia .
According to rita <unk> former <unk> ambassador to the united states refugees will become a new sort of dispute for the two recently independent republics .
For the czech republic it's an enormous problem because these are just we're unable to cope with .
There are estimates that there are already about two hundred thousand illegal refugees in the country .
So what does that mean .
Does that mean they're going to be sent back .
Yes well we're going to send them back to slovakia where they came from exactly what the germans are doing with us .
I think that's the intent and there's trouble down the road obviously because we have to sit down with the <unk> and agree .
It will just be one more one further deterioration of our amicable divorce .
There's a potential there for it turning very nasty .
At the time of the so called velvet divorce between czechs and <unk> last january both governments promised an open border between the two countries .
Because of the german asylum law and the necessity to stem the flow of refugees this promise will not be fulfilled .
To complement the construction of a new border the czech republic is also tightening travel restrictions .
People from bosnia rump yugoslavia armenia and tajikistan will now have to have a visa to enter the czech republic .
Travelers from all countries of the former soviet block must have an invitation a return ticket and will have to prove that they can financially support themselves .
For national public radio this is tom <unk> in prague .
