This is weekend edition .
I'm neal conan .
Coming up a visit with al <unk> whose new c. d. finds music in some unlikely places .
But first the movie <unk> life premiers this weekend on cable television's <unk> .
It stars forrest whitaker as buddy and jeff goldblum as al two jazz <unk> who live if not a <unk> life a comfortable nocturnal one slipping easily from gig to gig until one day .
We're fighting this .
We're checking out more doctors .
We're not giving up .
We're fighting this .
Number .
It's a very beautiful speech .
It's a definite call to active .
But we are not going to more doctors .
We are not fighting this .
We do not have this .
I have it .
It's mine .
It's in my body and i'm the one who decides what happens to me .
Weekend edition entertainment critic elvis mitchell joins us from our studio in new york .
Elvis good to talk to you again .
Howdy neal .
You always think jazz movies are going to be terrific they're about a unique kind of life but does this one fall into those kind of you know smoky cafe cliches that happen so often .
No it sort of doesn't because it really deals with the way these two guys who sort of live this marginal life are trying to sort of grab all they can out of it .
And you know jeff <unk> married to the wonderful kathy baker in this movie and sometimes he doesn't quite get home on time for the wrong reasons and forrest whitaker just tries to devote himself to the instrument .
What you really get out of this is a you know these guys really love each other and what's wonderful about this movie is that it's kind of <unk> anecdotal .
Forrest whitaker of course played a jazz musician charlie parker in bird the clint eastwood movie .
Jeff goldblum may be best remembered as the fly .
They play two musicians one black one white .
Is this kind of an i don't know a <unk> buddy movie .
I guess it is .
I think goldblum was in that what was it jurassic something or another last summer .
I think that made some money yeah .
Yeah its unimportant .
I'm glad he's doing something that may actually make a lot of dough for him here on <unk> .
What's interesting about this is in terms of the performances that the writer slash director michael elias gets out of the actors jeff goldblum tends to do something that most actors can't .
He's better with a pause than most actors are with actual dialogue .
But what he does here is given an unaffected natural and i think real adult movie star performance here .
Video pick this week elvis .
Gee i thought and thought and thought and wondered what could i come up with that would be jazz like and offer you a same kind of take on the world .
And i sort of came up with a musical movie about a guy who wants to play jazz the fabulous baker boys with jeff and beau bridges and michelle <unk> .
And again it's about the kind of relationship that can between two men that's sort of skewed .
And the way both these movies feel european because they acknowledge their debt to joy la gem and you can sort of feel whatever it is these women do that they're accepted and not accepted and there's a kind of real <unk> in both i think the fabulous baker boys and in <unk> life about guys who don't want to quite come out of the tree house yet even though its been time for them to do so a long time ago .
Elvis mitchell entertainment critic here on weekend edition stretched across the piano top of our radio program thanks for joining us .
