For mikhail gorbachev history came full circle today at a tiny missouri college known as the birthplace of the iron curtain .
C. n. n.'s jeff flock reports the former soviet leaders goal was to shed the remnants of the cold war and look to the future .
It was historical <unk> mikhail gorbachev with a post mortem on the cold war delivered from the same podium winston churchill forecast it from forty six years earlier .
He came to the same town toured the same campus ate the same lunch as churchill .
But while churchill warned of military aggression .
From <unk> in the baltic to <unk> in the adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the continent .
Gorbachev warned against more basic problems .
But today global climatic shifts the greenhouse effect the ozone hole all threaten the stability for the planet .
Like churchill gorbachev's address focused on the future .
If <unk> speech was the iron curtain speech then perhaps gorbachev's could be called the .
New civilization speech .
But while churchill hoped his view his forecast of a coming cold war was wrong gorbachev clearly hopes that his view of a new cooperative world order delivered here comes true .
He called for world controls on nuclear weapons regulation of nuclear power an end to all weapons exports and a focus on human rights as well as a dramatic reorganization of the united nations to administer it all .
Bob guthrie was there to hear both churchill and gorbachev and is skeptical .
The world government idea a lot of people aren't ready for it .
I'm not .
But i'm ready for cooperation and i know that we've got to bring along some people who haven't been brought along so far .
Others may take some time to digest it all .
It was impressing .
I just thought it was so interesting to be here and part for this historical event .
It was wonderful .
Gorbachev himself summed up the similarities between post world war two nineteen forty six and the post cold war era forty six years later .
The goal today has not changed peace and progress for all .
But now we have the capacity to approach it without paying the heavy price we've been paying these past fifty years or so .
Gorbachev says churchill and the west misjudged the threat of soviet aggression in nineteen forty six .
Stalin he says was afraid of war with the west a lesson says gorbachev that the future must be built on cooperation not conflict .
