Welcome to larry king weekend .
This week from the white house larry's special guest first lady hillary rodham clinton .
Good evening .
She's first lady of the united states and a lady of firsts the first of the baby boom generation to be in this role the first in many years to come to the white house as a working mother and the first to testify before congress as a lead witness .
Only two others rosalynn carter and eleanor roosevelt ever testified at all .
As chairwoman of the president's health care reform taskforce she impressed many members of congress including those who oppose the plan with her <unk> her knowledge of specifics and her ability to <unk> .
Hillary rodham clinton first lady mother wife hostess of america's home .
And she invited us to this home for a quiet conversation in a very special room .
What room are we in .
We're in the <unk> room .
It's on the ground floor of the white house .
And as you can see we are surrounded by portraits of former first ladies .
It's one of my favorite rooms .
What does <unk> mean .
It means the kind of color and china and feeling that this room has .
It's a french word .
Do you get to feel like this is your house .
Yes .
You do .
Yes .
In other words it's not like you're renting here .
Well it is public housing you know .
True .
And so we are the tenants .
But it is a place that overwhelms you .
Every time you walk in it makes you feel so proud and humble i guess .
But it's also our home and so we've worked very hard to make it that way .
Nancy reagan said to me the biggest surprise about this whole thing to her was that it wasn't sacramento that the press the whole thing is just a whole different ball game and being a governor's wife is not preparation for it .
True .
True .
That's very true .
And you know you can imagine if mrs. reagan didn't think it was preparation being in california what i must have felt like coming from arkansas where we knew everybody and where we could you know lead our own lives .
I could drive my own car i could go to work i could take my daughter shopping we could go to a movie .
And even if you think you have an idea of what it's like because you look from afar and you watch a president and his family until you actually experience it you don't really understand it .
And what don't you like about it .
I don't like feeling confined so that my movements are pretty much restricted and i'm supposed to you know be driven places and i'm supposed to you know kind of have this protective security around me all the time .
It's two thirty we'll go down here .
Yes .
Then you'll turn left then you'll turn right .
That yes .
This is mr. morris .
Say hello .
Yes .
I've tried to really limit that .
And both the president and i have worked hard on that .
So you know we do try to keep in touch with our friends we try to go out with people we try to have as normal a life as possible but there is no denying that it's very different .
The roosevelt kids i got to know them all .
Uh huh .
Said it is a tough place to grow up for a kid .
This is not a kid's place .
How's your daughter handling it .
She's doing pretty well but it is not a kid's place and you have to work very hard to make it a good environment for a child .
So she has her friends over lots of <unk> lots of people and girls you know going up and down the hallways and doing funny things that kids do .
And we've tried very hard as you know to keep her out of the public eye to try to give her a chance to have a lifetime with .
How do you do that though .
I mean she has friends come over .
Yes .
She has friends come over lots of friends come over .
She goes over to a friend's house .
But there are secret service guys outside the house if she's at a friend's it ain't a normal pillow party .
No it's not normal but it's as normal as we can make it and we're going to work very hard to keep it that way .
Now how do you balance i mean look at this week you've had and we'll talk about that .
And by the way thanks for being the first guest on larry king weekend .
I'm thrilled and honored to be the first guest .
Thank you for asking me .
Wonderful to have you .
How do you balance lives .
Because you have different lives husband you have a husband you have a daughter you have a house you have a mother .
Right .
You have a brother .
Right .
You have family you have first <unk> .
How do you balance it .
Well you know except for the last part it's what every woman in america does now to balance all of these different responsibilities .
And you just have to be as careful as you can to know what you need to spend your time on and what's really important .
I've never had any doubt that you know my daughter and my family were the most important parts of my life and i try to organize my time so that i always have time for her and for my husband .
But you add on the first lady part and it both gives you in some ways a little more time than you might if you were back at home like i used to be because even when my husband was a governor i did a lot of things for myself .
I did a lot of shopping i did a lot of the kind of errand running that every mother does .
I don't get to do that very much so in some funny way i have a little more time than i might have had because i am kind of restricted from doing what i like to do which is be as normal as possible .
But then i have all these additional responsibilities that are on top of everything else that i do .
But i really believe and i've told lots of my friends this that most of the women i know are busy balancing all these different responsibilities .
What did you used to do that you can't do any more that you miss the most .
Get in my car with my daughter go to a store or go to a mall and spend a couple of hours just wandering around having a good time stopping maybe having a cup of hot chocolate or a cookie and giggling you know .
The first lady of arkansas could do that .
Yes .
Yes .
She could go to the mall outside of little rock .
All the time .
Went shopping all the time no problem at all .
When was the last time you drove .
Hmmm good question .
I don't think i have driven since i've been in washington .
I have my car up here but .
Where is it parked .
It's parked on the grounds but i mostly let friends use it who come to visit and need a car .
But you like sitting behind the wheel you like driving .
Well sure .
Is it impossible .
Well i mean you get in the car and you turn on the radio well you've been in a car recently i mean you know what it's like .
You know i haven't .
I could remember .
I'm in the car i can't drive a car .
If i drive down the street it's a story .
I know the feeling .
That's can you imagine .
So no i just like to get in turn on the radio i have a terrible voice but sing along with the radio listen to you or somebody else yell at you on the radio say oh that's not true you know and just be by yourself .
Your first car we were talking about first cars .
Yes .
Mine was a fifty five fifty three ford .
And yours was a sixty three olds .
Right .
Right .
And you were telling me you had to take the battery out .
Well anybody listening to this will probably write and say you know this just shows you how crazy she is .
My car had a personality my first car .
And i was in law school and my car had a battery that did not like to be left in the car overnight .
It would drain out if it were especially in the new england cold .
So what did you have to do with it .
So i <unk> it every night and took it to my dorm room and kept it warm and then i put it back in the next morning .
You .
And it made a very happy battery and a car that worked .
Did it have a name .
I think we're losing it here .
It did .
It did .
You know it's been a long week .
It did have a name yes .
I called my car julius .
Julius .
Julius yes .
Did the battery have a name .
Number .
No .
I did not name the battery .
I think it was <unk> or something like that .
What's the car parked downstairs now .
It's an oldsmobile .
You stayed loyal .
Yes i did .
I've stayed loyal .
New one .
Well not new no .
It's about six or seven years old now .
All right that you miss the most .
What's the best part about this job .
The very best part is being part of doing what my husband is trying to do to help the country and change it .
I find that .
You really feel that .
Oh .
You mean it .
In my entire being i feel that .
You know i spent a lot of time working on issues that i cared about whether it was public education or children's health or children's welfare and i just never understood why we as a country just couldn't get it together and solve some of these problems because we were letting violence consume our kids we were letting all kinds of things bad happen .
And now i begin to see people starting to work together .
And of course i think my husband's had a lot to do with that kind of telling people you know take responsibility .
Be hopeful but be practical and let's move forward .
And so i'm thrilled by that .
So activism is a part of you .
Yes it is .
We'll come back with more of hillary clinton on this the premiere edition of larry king weekend .
Don't go away .
We were talking .
We mentioned briefly there was a story i don't like to involve myself in every interview in any interview in fact .
But i had an accident on a street in washington nothing happened fender bender both cars are done fixed it's over .
It was front page .
I know .
You read that story .
I did read that story and i read it trying to figure out why is this in the newspaper i couldn't get it .
And that's happened to you .
Yes .
A lot right .
Sure .
How do you all right i could look by it one day .
It's kind of funny .
How do you deal with it on a daily basis .
You just have to decide that you're not going to let it bother you because otherwise you'd wake up every morning and by seven a. m. you'd be all anxious because people would be writing things or saying things that you knew weren't true and you wouldn't know what to do about it .
So do you not read it .
I <unk> it but i don't read it and i try to make sure that if there's anything i need to know about somebody tells me in case i miss it .
But you know there's just too much to do in life and there's too many exciting opportunities to worry about what somebody says or didn't say and then try to involve you in it as you found out with that story which was a non story .
It's a non story .
But does the pain ever for example when people yesterday i spoke to the a. m. a. in convention and they were all upset at a front page story in the new york times implying not implying saying that they were being critical of your health plan critical of you .
And they wanted me all of them came over to me the president of the a. m. a. and it was please assure her please tell her please that story's wrong .
We didn't boo donna shalala we didn't we agree in principle with most of the health plan .
O. k. when you read the new york times you didn't know that they were going to say that .
How did you feel .
Well i was lucky because i had other newspapers which reported a very different story .
On the same occurrence .
On the same occurrence the same event .
And i also have been working with these doctors in the a. m. a. for a number of months now and they've been very forthright very helpful .
We know where we agree and we know where we disagree and we're trying to work through our disagreements .
So i thought it was kind of an odd story but i made some phone calls .
I found out exactly what you found out which is that's not at all what they intended nor what they said and they were sorry that it had happened .
O. k. i'll get back to health care .
Back to criticism does any of it ever help you .
Have you ever read things and said you know there's a good point of view .
Yes .
And you know what i tried to decide to do and i don't always do it but here's my motto which is to try to take criticism seriously but not personally .
So that if somebody has a message they're trying to get to you and it's a different way of looking at the world it's a different piece of information take that seriously but don't let it eat away at who you are and undermine your sense of self or maybe even destroy a relationship with somebody because they say somebody said something and you don't go to the trouble to check it out .
So i try to take it seriously but not personally .
All right how about hillary bashers .
There are bashers right .
Of course .
I mean people around the country who daily take hillary on .
Right .
Usually on the far right .
Right .
How do you deal with that .
I ignore them .
I really ignore them because they're usually doing it for some kind of personal or political gain and they're not even attempting to stay within the bounds of truth or accuracy .
And i'd much rather listen to people who are acting in good faith but honestly don't agree with something that i'm doing or the president's doing .
You've been a public woman for a long time .
Do you ever get to total acceptance that you don't have a private life accepting that .
Oh i hope not because i think without a private life you can't be a very effective public person .
I think you turn into a shell .
You know in a private life you think about things you talk with people in an honest and open way you make mistakes and you learn from your mistakes .
I don't see how you can be in public life and make a real contribution if you also don't have some space to be a private person and i fight very hard for that .
When you assumed this job and took over and we talked about activism before did you say to your husband give me an area of responsibility .
Did you know it would be health care .
Why you and health .
Well that's a good question larry .
Because you're healthy .
Well thank goodness i am you know .
But why health .
I think because it's an issue that my husband cares a great deal about .
And when he was governor he cared a great deal about education and he asked me to work on education and we worked together .
And then coming into the presidency he knows if we don't solve our health care problems we're not going to be able to deal with a lot of our other problems in the country .
And i think he decided that he would ask me to work on this the way he'd asked me to work on education .
Now after it happened about a day or two later governor cuomo was here and i love him and he came up to me and he said what'd you do have a fight with your husband and i said you know i feel like that may be the way some people look at it .
Because it's a huge responsibility .
But it was a real you know it was a real honor for me to be asked to work on this and i've really enjoyed it .
Did you know it would become as hard as it was .
I didn't really know what i was getting into when my husband asked me to do it .
I knew it was important and i knew that it was something he cared deeply about but the amount of time i've spent on it has you know really been quite extensive .
You could have fronted it though couldn't you .
I mean you could have had all these commissions out and check with you once a week .
You didn't have to go to minneapolis .
You didn't have to do that right .
Well but .
You could have fronted it .
You could have been chairman pro <unk> .
Well that wouldn't have worked for me because if we're going to make recommendations about health care i want to know what i'm talking about and i want to be sure that it's the right thing for my family .
I want to be able to answer my mother's questions when she calls me on the telephone and says i've heard this .
What does this mean so that's why i felt very strongly that if i were going to do this i had to really get into it one hundred percent of the way .
How about taking the spotlight though .
There's a c. n. n. poll i think it may have been out today that has you more popular than your husband that this has been a heck of a week for you .
Oh well .
How do you deal with that .
Well of course i'm grateful if people think that what i'm trying to do is the right thing and helpful .
The poll didn't mean to say more popular the poll thought you were smarter than your husband .
Well .
Every woman would dream of that come on .
Yes but they don't know my husband you know .
My husband .
That ticks him .
No not at all .
It doesn't bother him at all .
In fact i think one of the secrets to his success is that he is the smartest person i've ever met and yet he's so friendly and open and such a good guy that people sometimes underestimate him and that's not always bad in the business he's in as we've seen in the last several years .
Does he ever close a door and go <unk> .
Sure .
Sure .
You know sometimes you've just got to let it out whether it's on the golf course or listening to loud music or whatever it is .
Yes we do a lot of that together .
A lot of fighting too .
Number .
No .
No we don't .
How does hillary let it out .
Well i like to exercise .
I like to listen to music and like to listen to it loud and sing along .
I really do let a lot out that way .
I like to sleep and get caught up so that i maybe am a little better rested than i would be under stressful circumstances .
We do a lot of different things watch a lot of movies .
We're big on movies .
Rental movies or you get all the new ones don't you .
Yes and do you know what .
You've got a movie theater here in the white house .
I know .
And it is .
You didn't know that .
Well i didn't know it until i got here and it was a wonderful surprise to find a movie theater you know .
And you can call up the company and get the latest film right .
Yes they send them to us and we are really lucky because we get to see movies all the time .
Apparently every president has enjoyed that .
The last time i was with your husband he had just seen the clint eastwood movie .
Oh .
And he loved it .
Yes .
In the line of fire right .
Yes .
Have you got one you like .
I just saw the age of innocence which i loved .
I thought it was .
The scorsese film .
Oh i loved it .
I thought it was a wonderful movie beautifully beautifully shot movie as well as very contemporary even though set in a time past .
Is it different watching it here than in the theater .
Yes it is but it's a theater you know .
It's better than watching it on the small t. v. screen .
Oh yes .
You know it doesn't have the same feel as it does in a theater .
Lots more with hillary clinton on this premiere edition of larry king weekend on c. n. n. .
Don't go away .
We're back with hillary clinton on this saturday night premiere edition of larry king weekend .
What a week .
Yes .
You've never had a week like this week .
Never and i'm glad it's nearly over .
Did you like testifying .
I did .
I mean i was nervous and anxious to do it as well as i could but i liked it because i thought everybody was well prepared .
They asked good tough questions they needed answers to .
I was very impressed with the congress .
Did that surprise you .
It didn't surprise me because i've now spent lots of time up there .
You work the hill don't you .
Well i do because there's a lot of good ideas and experience up there .
But i think it might have surprised some of the public who have given the congress a bad rap in you know the past years .
And i think seeing the seriousness that they brought to this issue and the questions that they asked i think should be very reassuring to the american public .
You've worked this issue a long time .
Senator dole has told us that you're a familiar figure on the hill and you work with republicans well .
Yes i sure do .
Is this a concept that you did in arkansas too .
Well we didn't have many republicans in arkansas but .
Did you ever testify before a house or senate committee .
I did and i spoke once to the whole house on education .
But you know i was raised in a republican family .
My father was a very strong republican except he thought my husband was a great american .
But i'm very used to working with people from different points of view because i think that makes for better policy to really listen to each other and not shut each other off .
All right do you think now though that what you've succeeded in doing is framing the issue so that americans now regard health as a right .
I hope so .
I hope we have framed it so that every american knows that the way they should judge what we do is whether at the end of it they and their families never have to worry about health care coverage again they will be secure and they will have a set of benefits they can count on no matter who they are or where they work .
I hope that's the way it's been framed .
All right nowhere is it printed that it's a right right .
It's not a god given right as we have to free speech assembly .
Uh huh .
Uh huh .
Health is not .
And do you think though seriously as you look at yourself you've framed this .
I think it is .
It <unk> life liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
It <unk> a modern complex society that is spending too much money for the health care that we have and not even taking care of everybody .
So although it may not be listed anywhere as a right it is a right because without it everything else this country stands for and wants to do for itself and what every individual wants to do to be responsible is not possible .
Now you're a pretty good student .
You got pretty good grades .
You read your history pretty good .
It's been going on a long time .
Harry truman in nineteen forty eight introduced national health insurance was called a socialist .
Uh huh .
It never came .
Right .
Ted kennedy's had proposals republicans have had proposals democrats .
Why now .
Because i think now most people understand that it's an issue that affects them not somebody else .
You know when you have as many people as we do who are insured losing their insurance every month more than two million and maybe they only lose it for a week but maybe they lose it for a year then it's not a problem that happens out there somewhere it's a problem that happens in every home .
Every american knows somebody who has been shut out of the insurance market been denied coverage because of a pre existing condition been unable to move jobs because to move means they lose insurance been laid off and lost insurance when they thought they'd be employed forever you can go down the list .
So now it's a problem whose time for a solution has finally come .
Doctor <unk> says one of the interesting things about health is of princeton when you're vertical you can say hey watch this cut those costs but when you're horizontal give me everything .
Yes .
Right .
Yes .
So we all want everything .
You're not ever going to be able to deliver that right .
No but we can do a much better job than we do in providing health care in a less costly way at high quality .
And let me just give you a quick example .
The state of pennsylvania has been collecting information about all kinds of operations .
Let's take the coronary bypass something that you know about right .
Very well .
The coronary bypass surgery in pennsylvania in a hospital can cost either twenty one thousand dollars or eighty four thousand dollars and everything in between .
And when the state of pennsylvania looked at all these hospitals they decided based on all the information they could get that there's no better or worse quality that correlates with any cost .
In fact the twenty one thousand dollars operation had better quality than some of the more expensive surgeries .
So what was the price based on .
So the price was based on what you can charge and get reimbursed for instead of what should this operation cost and what's a fair way of charging for it and if we move toward a system where instead of paying doctors and hospitals on procedures and on individual kinds of diagnoses we say here's an amount of money to keep this population healthy .
Now go and make those decisions we will have more coronary bypass operations being done for more people because they will be more affordable than they currently are .
So getting our costs under control goes hand in hand with providing better quality to more people .
Having been involved in debates i moderated a debate once between senator humphrey and the president of the a. m. a. at that time about medicare .
Uh huh .
As it turned out doctors got to like medicare .
Uh huh .
It gave more medicine to people and gave more income to them .
Uh huh .
Do you think twenty years from today some two people will be sitting here saying they argued about this once .
That's exactly what i think will happen larry .
You're absolutely right .
I think in twenty years we'll look back and certainly our children will look back and they'll say what was the argument about .
How can anybody deny that we've covered everybody we've made everybody secure we have finally gotten a control on these costs and we've got high quality and that's what i hope will happen .
All right what about losing patient doctor relationship .
That's what's happening right now .
You know insurance companies are deciding who you can go see .
Yes you get a book .
You get a book .
And if you're not on the list you don't get to go to see that doctor .
Doctors are being told what they can prescribe .
They're being asked to call eight hundred numbers to ask permission to do certain procedures .
The road we are on now will undermine even more doctor authority and their clinical judgment .
What i want is to move more people toward the kind of way of delivering care that you find for example at the mayo clinic .
The mayo clinic multi speciality fine institution world renowned everybody knows high quality .
They're able to deliver care at less than four percent increase this past year and they do it by the doctors making a lot of the decisions .
We'll get a break and come right back with hillary clinton .
Don't go away .
We're back with hillary clinton who was just telling me at mayo the doctors are on salary right .
That's right .
Good salary .
Very good .
But not seven hundred thousand dollars a year right .
Well and not one i don't know what their salaries are but it's not based on how many procedures they do .
It's based on their providing high quality care to all the patients who come through the doors .
All right then are you saying that most doctors want to provide the best care and finance is not their driven force .
I absolutely believe most doctors do but doctors are human beings like the rest of us .
If the way that you are going to be paid is having to deal with insurance companies and the medicare and medicaid programs and list every little thing you did and have a price attached to it then you're more likely to worry about how many procedures you do because that's how you're getting paid and that's how you're satisfying all these people interfering with you than what i hope will be the new way of doing medicine which is where doctors make these decisions and they decide how much each will get paid and they set those kinds of rules for the system .
I will feel better about that because i will believe that doctors are finally able to do what they were trained to do and not turn themselves into insurance company representatives .
After the experience of this week on the hill what do you expect the battle to be like for this bill .
I think that there will be extremes on all sides of this .
There will be people making outrageous claims and disregarding whatever facts and evidence there are because they have a personal or political stake in doing so .
Left and right .
Left and right but unfortunately more to the right because in order to keep the status quo which is let's be honest making a lot of money for a lot of different kinds of folks they will have to engage in lots of scare tactics to prevent people from getting the changes they want .
But i really believe that most of what will happen will happen in what i call the reasonable middle in both the democratic and the republican parties with a lot of doctors' groups hospital groups others who are concerned sitting down and trying to figure out how to get to where we all want to go .
We now have an excellent proposal from the senate republicans that says look we want to get to universal coverage .
Here's how we would do it .
Here's what we agree with in terms of the president's plan here's what we disagree with .
It's a very good place to start sitting down and talking and i think that's where most of the debate will be .
Senator chafee who has a bill of his own says there will be a health bill passed by next june give or take a month .
Do you agree .
Absolutely agree .
There will be .
Yes and thanks to his leadership .
Will a lot of the chafee bill be in it .
A lot of it will be because senator chafee and i talked the other day that you know on about fifteen issues we are very close and we need to clarify what our differences are and make sure that we can't get even closer and then there are a couple of issues where we have some serious differences but they are within the same universe .
They're all trying to reach universal coverage they're all trying to control costs .
So i'm very confident that what senator chafee has said will come to pass .
Senator dole said that abortion could wind up out of this it's in many plans already because it could be the <unk> to getting the votes you need .
Do you see arguing about abortion in the health plan .
Well i'm sure that some people will argue because it's such an emotional issue .
But what we're trying to do is to preserve what is available now .
Most insurance plans within pregnancy related services offer abortion if it's medically necessary or appropriate as a decision between a doctor and a patient .
We don't want to add or <unk> to that basic offering that is available now .
But we do want to do something else which we think is very important and that is as part of the comprehensive benefits package have an increase in access to family planning .
Let's try to prevent the situation that might lead to an abortion .
Let's try to get more women to make good decisions early by getting them to see their obstetrician or gynecologist or their primary care physician of another speciality so that they can perhaps begin to make good decisions that will prevent the situation from having to arise .
More government .
Is this a lot more government .
Number .
Not a lot .
Number .
Can government handle this well .
I believe so because what we want government to do is to set out the framework to say what are the guaranteed benefits every american is entitled to and then get out of the way .
We want this to be a state run program .
We want local communities to decide what are the best health plans and for those health plans to compete for your business and mine .
There does have to be some government .
There's a lot of money that the government will put up that they already are through medicaid and medicare .
But we don't want it to be a government run program .
We want it to come out of the private sector .
We want to preserve what works in the american health care system and then fix what's wrong .
You accept that kidney can be a disease and heart can be a disease .
Do you accept philosophically and practically that depression is a disease .
Absolutely .
Therefore should people be entitled to their prozac as they are entitled to their antibiotic .
Yes .
And we make a very very important start in securing that by putting in mental health benefits in the guaranteed benefits package and by beginning to treat serious mental illness in the same way we treat serious physical illness and through a prescription drug benefit to provide for support for medication like prozac just as we would for insulin or penicillin or some other medication .
So psychiatrists will be a big part of this .
Well mental health will be a big part of it psychiatrists and psychologists social workers others who treat both the most serious clinical diseases and the kind of more mild forms that can interfere with people's functioning and can have physical consequences .
How about the fringes .
How about the chiropractor .
You know right now what we want is what is in existence .
And most health plans most insurance policies around the country cover chiropractic cover <unk> cover <unk> cover the other allied health professionals and we anticipate that will continue .
Back with more of hillary clinton on our premiere edition of larry king weekend .
Next week sly stallone and bruce willis .
How're we doing so far .
Don't go away .
Mrs. clinton let me also express my appreciation to you for the work you've done and your willingness to come before this committee today and tell you what a joy it is to see you here .
Thank you .
I listened to the chairman's opening statement and while i don't share the chairman's joy at our holding hearings on a government run health care system i do share his intention to make the debate and the legislative process as exciting as possible .
I'm sure you will do that mr. armey .
We'll do the best we can .
You and doctor kevorkian .
I have been told about your charm and wit and let me say the reports on your charm are overstated and the reports on your wit are understated .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
We're back on larry king weekend see i haven't said larry king live once and there's a temptation .
You've been doing really well .
By the way you're going to come on larry king live .
Some day i am absolutely .
And you're going to take phone calls .
Absolutely .
Sure .
I'm going to hold you to that .
Well i want to .
By the way i know you're supposed to say mrs. clinton but you did say call me hillary right before we started .
Sure .
I just i don't want to offend anyone .
No go right ahead offend somebody .
One thing on the battle on the hill .
You said o. k. the extremists mostly of the right are going to fight you but the large center is going to be with you means you're optimistic .
Yes .
There's going to be a bill the extremists are going to be heard but fade .
Is it going to be a fight that you're going to be in a day to day involvement with .
Are you going to be having senators coming over here meeting on the hill avoiding gridlock doing all the kinds of things that executives try to do to get something through .
I'll do whatever my husband wants me to do .
I mean this is his plan and he's going to be really supervising the way this goes through making the decisions calling the shots on it .
But i hope i can be a part of it .
I feel very strongly about that .
What's next .
All right let's say health care passes .
Now you don't want to be the health care administrator .
Oh no .
You've got donna shalala .
Oh .
You have others for that .
Very competent people .
O. k. let's take us to utopia here .
A health care plan is in effect it's june it's nineteen ninety four health care is in place it's rolling it's beginning to start .
Right .
What <unk> hillary .
Well how about a slow trip to new zealand or australia or somewhere .
Not you .
I don't know .
I think probably .
What interests you .
Oh children and children's needs interest me .
That's what really drives me in this health care issue .
I want to be sure that we get welfare reform done .
That's an issue that secretary shalala and the president .
Is that next .
Well that will probably be out before we finish health care .
The president's been working very hard on that with some very good help .
I care very deeply about public education which is something that i worked on for a long time in arkansas .
And i'm really committed to doing something about violence in this society .
I just can't stand it any more .
I cannot bear to pick up another newspaper and read about another baby shot .
What do you make of this .
I think it is a sick sick symptom that we are out of control at so many levels of our society .
Adults are not watching out for and taking care of children .
Teenagers don't have adequate adult supervision and discipline and the right combination of love and attention .
We don't have adequate policing on our streets in many of our communities .
We have too many guns and too many assault weapons in the hands of irresponsible young people who have no business being anywhere near a gun .
You can just go down the list .
And i think that it's going to take a concerted effort to break this cycle of violence and that violence has been bred by dependency by drugs by the kind of irresponsibility that we've allowed to go unchecked and also i would add by the media .
I mean i think there is .
How .
I think there is a role that the media has played in <unk> violence in giving too much credence to the kind of overly impulsive and aggressive solving of problems and really too much on t. v. that our children watch for too many hours that seems to suggest that violence is an answer .
You agree then with senator simon and his efforts to get the networks to change .
Yes .
He said the other day if they don't change then the government's going to have to do something to make them change .
Well i hope we don't get to that but i think parents need to exercise more responsibility you know .
They need to turn off .
By turning off .
Turn off that television set .
And i know it's hard for a lot of parents who work two parent families single parent families but we have got to save our children from being just awash in violence .
What do you make of this the city you now live in .
It breaks my heart .
I mean anyone who comes to washington knows what a beautiful city this is .
I mean i think it's one of the premiere cities in the world .
But to think that here at the seat of our government just blocks from where we sit children are shot in drive by shootings people can't venture out of their houses they live behind ten <unk> on their doors is an outrage .
I mean we have undermined the basic freedom and right to liberty of literally millions of people by refusing or failing to deal with the violence that stalks our cities .
From the way you seem and appear on this it looks like that's going to be next .
Well i don't .
Hillary clinton on violence .
But this is a really .
Oh but larry this is an issue that i think every mother and father and every citizen feels in their soul .
We've just gone too far .
But you're going to have philosophical arguments here too .
Sure .
There's going to be a side that says put 'em all away and another side that says well there's a reason for every crime ever committed and there's a fault somewhere .
Well both are right .
I mean some should be put away and never let out .
I mean there is unfortunately some segment of our population that for whatever combination of reasons are antisocial and are not fit to be among us .
But there are other things we can do .
We've seen some things that work .
You know if you start with young people to give them some sense of direction you can see results .
You know my husband is a big supporter of boot camps where we take offenders at a young age and put them into the situation where they have discipline and structure and role models .
We need more adults to take on the responsibility of serving as role models .
We need more men to work with the boys in our cities .
Violence also relates to health right .
Yes .
Yes .
How much of health care is emergency room friday night .
You are absolutely right .
And we've been trying to calculate that and it is in the billions both in terms of the gunshot wounds that come in and then the lingering costs of having to take care of people .
So do you think you might center on something so that in nineteen ninety five hillary clinton might become identified with attacking violence in america .
Well it's something i sure would consider because i don't see how we can go on at the rate we're going .
You know murder is now the leading cause of death for some segment of our population young men between certain ages .
And that is just outrageous and i don't know how much longer we're going to live with this without putting our foot down collectively and saying enough is enough .
Back with more .
It's going so fast we're almost out of time but we've got some more things to talk to hillary clinton about and we'll do that right after this .
We are in the first ladies room kind of here .
Jackie kennedy's over there .
That's right .
And lady bird .
Right got pat nixon and eleanor roosevelt .
Now eleanor roosevelt is over there and you've been most compared to her .
First is that a compliment .
Oh well to me it's an honor .
I don't know that i deserve it .
I think she's one of the great women of american history .
Read a lot about her interviewed her once .
Did you really .
Yes i did .
Oh am i jealous .
I was twenty three years old .
Oh larry .
O. k. and here's what she said and i'm going to ask you to comment because i remember it very well .
She always felt that franklin as she called him deserved her opinion and had to hear it .
Whether she carried the day or not when she disagreed he should hear it .
Does hillary clinton feel the same .
I agree with that .
I think that there are many things i don't have an opinion about that my husband deals with every day but there are some things i have a strong opinion about and if he asks me or if i feel very strongly about it like most wives that i know i will share it with him .
That doesn't mean he always does what i believe or what my opinion is but we have a wonderful relationship going back to our days in law school where we really like to talk with each other and over the years we've influenced each other so much by trading opinions and saying well why do you believe this and how did you get to that point of view .
Eleanor went so far as to write a column .
Yes my day .
My day .
Would hillary write a column .
If anybody asked me to i might .
I don't know .
I've never considered that but i have read her columns .
She wrote a weekly column .
Yes she did .
Sometimes disagreeing with the administration .
Would you do that publicly .
I don't know .
I'd have to think about that .
I think that it is highly unlikely in my case given what my husband and i believe together that there would be an occasion where i would do that .
We really have so few disagreements .
Now sometimes we start off at one place and end up somewhere differently but i would be reluctant to put into print my disagreements because our discussions are evolving and where i was one day may not be where i am the next day because i learn a lot from him .
But you still might want to write about other things .
Some day .
What hillary clinton thinks .
I mean eleanor roosevelt felt that she was a part of the structure .
She absolutely was .
Right .
Then we seem to go back into other waves of first ladies .
Do you think you have changed the pattern .
Do you think we're going into <unk> .
Larry i don't think there should be a pattern .
I really think each individual ought to be free to do what she thinks is best for herself and her husband and her country .
I have a lot of respect for all the women who've been in this position and i think every one of them has made a significant contribution .
It ain't easy .
But they may have done it in a different way .
And i don't think that everybody should be like eleanor roosevelt or everybody should be like me .
Everybody should be permitted to be who they are .
So in other words because <unk> truman wouldn't have chaired a health program doesn't mean she wasn't very important to harry truman .
Absolutely .
And therefore important to us .
You know if you read that wonderful truman biography by mccullough or any of the other works about truman it is clear that mrs. truman had an enormous influence on her husband and therefore on the country .
I've read that they often would spend most nights going over his work and he'd be asking her opinion .
But she did not choose to display that publicly .
The way she felt most comfortable making her contribution was privately with her husband .
So to you that doesn't make her less a first lady .
Absolutely not .
Just different .
And that's my whole point and it's not just about first ladies it's about women in general .
We ought to be permitted to make the choices that are right for us .
Back with our remaining moments with hillary clinton on this premiere edition of larry king weekend right after this .
When two people have this public a life and there is no more public an arena what does it do to or for a marriage .
You know it's been really positive for us maybe because we actually get to spend more time with each other because he works .
Than when he was governor .
He works just down the hall and comes home for dinner .
I mean really when he was governor he traveled a lot and he was gone a lot and .
You work where you live .
We work where we live we get to spend time with each other .
I've really felt very positive about what it's done for us as a family .
You know maybe in some respects because there's so much public attention you know your family becomes even more important and we value the time we spend together and try to steal as much of that for ourselves as possible .
What are the clintons planning for christmas .
We go crazy about christmas .
I mean we decorate everything that doesn't move and we have a big family gathering and a big family meal .
And we'll probably spend our first christmas here in the white house .
Looking forward to turning that light on on the tree .
Yes i am although i'm told i have to do it from a great big crane .
Yes .
In a little tiny space .
And you pray it works right .
That's right and that there's no heavy winds that day .
Yes i love christmas so i couldn't be happier about turning on the lights .
We couldn't be happier about our first guest .
Thank you so much larry .
Hillary clinton first lady of the united states .
Next week planning on bruce willis and sly stallone lots of surprises .
And we'll see you monday night on larry king live .
Hope you enjoyed this .
Thanks for joining us .
