The history of u. s. policy toward haiti is unique .
In one thousand eight hundred four we were barely independent when haiti won its independence from france the rare case of a slave revolt succeeding .
Since slavery was still legal here the united states government was not about to encourage a state of former slaves so it didn't recognize haiti until one thousand eight hundred sixty two during the civil war .
After we stopped ignoring haiti we started intervening there .
Terry karl is director of latin american studies at stanford university .
Between one thousand eight hundred sixty seven and nineteen ten there were eight interventions by the u. s. military and those were always under the guise of saving foreign lives and property .
There was a short period from nineteen ten to nineteen fifteen where there were no interventions and there's a prolonged occupation by the united states from nineteen fifteen to nineteen thirty four .
Until nineteen thirty four a marine force that was actually there in haiti .
Right .
Exactly .
And it is in that period that the united states established what was a national guard .
It's the beginning of the haitian armed forces as we know them today .
Well now looking at the past roughly sixty years since the last time that the u. s. marines withdrew from haiti how would you describe u. s. policy toward the country .
Since the united states withdrew in nineteen thirty four it has been very preoccupied with order on the island .
From the very earliest time there's a preoccupation that if there's not order on the island that the united states could be faced with heavy immigration into the u. s. borders and the preoccupation with order is what has linked the united states very strongly to the haitian armed forces .
From nineteen fifty six really until the fall of baby doc in nineteen eighty five the united states backs a dynasty the duvalier dynasty and that's for a quite prolonged period .
And in that period of time the strongest aspect of u. s. policy is to just sustain order including by the way under duvalier building the first paramilitary forces which were called the <unk> .
Those are quite same in the ways they function as what were known as the ton ton <unk> .
Those were the paramilitary forces that supported duvalier .
Do i hear you right in saying that in the days when the u. s. supported whoever would maintain order in haiti and today when the u. s. supports the return of jean bertrand aristide to haiti that throughout both those periods the concern about immigration from haiti to the united states has been a major motivation on the u. s. .
It's present .
It doesn't become a major motivation in my view until the early nineteen seventy's because it's in nineteen seventy two i believe that we have the beginning of boat people .
It's the first time that people are seen coming from haiti trying to escape the poverty or the repression of the duvalier administration .
There is a phrase that's used commonly to describe the united nations and the united state's objectives right now to restore to democracy to haiti .
Obviously the aim is to restore president aristide to power and there was an election by which he was chosen freely it seems .
But it sounds from what you're describing that the notion of restoring democracy to haiti is at best an exaggeration .
Well i find it a very puzzling phrase .
If you go back to the early nineteen eighty's we see that in central america there is this strong intervention in both nicaragua and el salvador and the <unk> by which that is occurring the promotion or defense of democracy in central america .
Well meanwhile right next door in the caribbean there's this problem and that is the duvalier regime particularly baby doc after his father papa doc dies is becoming more and more brutal it's more and more clear that it's violating human rights .
From nineteen eighty to nineteen eighty five the reagan administration is in a position of having to certify improvements as if haiti were constructing a democracy when in fact i think there were no improvements .
In that period of time as well there are demonstrations throughout haiti and finally the united states realizes that as a reflection of central american policy it has to stop openly supporting baby doc and you begin to see the supervision essentially of his ouster .
So what you're saying is that because during the reagan administration certain progress you would say greatly exaggerated toward the institution of democracy was certified in order to show that something was happening .
We've actually now created a false history of a democratic process that was underway which we now want to restore .
Right i think that's true i think there was no democratic process underway .
It was largely the reflection of the attempt to justify policies in central america .
The belief was that you could promote democracies not just in haiti but all over the caribbean in an odd combination and that is promoting the holding of elections while at the same time funneling support and aid to militaries that were the most anti democratic possible .
Um hmm .
So you were doing something quite contradictory .
I actually call that <unk> it promotes elections and not democracy .
