Live from washington crossfire .
On the left mike kinsley .
On the right pat buchanan .
Tonight lifting the aids ban .
In the crossfire republican representative lamar smith of texas member of the immigration subcommittee and michael <unk> cooperating attorney for the center for constitutional rights .
Good evening .
Welcome to crossfire .
Since nineteen eighty seven the united states has banned people infected with the aids virus from entering the country .
No other advanced country in the world has such a ban except south africa .
During the bush administration the department of health and human services favored lifting the ban saying it was medically unjustified but the justice department blocked any change .
Now the clinton administration is committed to lifting that ban possibly soon .
Critics say lifting the ban will promote the spread of this fatal disease .
They also say that letting in people with aids will be a costly burden on american health care .
Why they ask should america take that risk and undertake that cost .
That's the crossfire .
Pat .
Mr. <unk> at the same time we're trying to contain this fatal disease why would you introduce into the u. s. new sources of infection .
The fact of the matter is people come into the united states every single day infected with the aids virus .
I know that you might prefer to have people tested for the aids virus at the airport but as it stands people have come in with aids are always going to be coming in with aids as long as we have the disease .
What we need to do is listen to the public health officials not the politicians when it comes to how we ought to deal with the aids virus .
Mr. <unk> i think what you ought to do is you ought to try answering the question .
The question is when you have an epidemic of a dangerous deadly disease when we are told we are all at risk why would you knowingly bring into the united states hundreds and hundreds of people who are carriers of this infection and who could pass it on and kill american citizens .
You just showed you don't understand the facts when you say we're all at risk .
I don't feel i'm at risk .
I'm married and i don't use drugs .
I don't know whether you're at risk .
The point is this people have been coming in with aids as long as there has been the virus .
People will .
Why would you increase the number .
We aren't increasing the number .
Sure you are .
You're going to let them in even if you know it .
It's the same .
You know what .
They come in anyway and let me explain to you how .
Most people who come into the united states are non immigrants .
They are not tested for aids .
People can .
I know that .
Mr. <unk> six hundred people last year with aids were stopped and not allowed into the country .
Let's assume half are active homosexuals three hundred people .
They have ten contacts a year .
That's three thousand occasions in one year when those people could pass the disease on .
That's quite an assumption quite assumption .
Well i mean if you read the statistics that's quite low .
Quite an assumption six hundred out of a million immigrants .
How many immigrants did we have last year congressman a million .
We had a million immigrants but as pat just said we don't know how many people are coming into this country with aids .
The problem is that the individuals with the aids virus constitute a threat to public health and a drain on the public treasury .
Well congressman .
Wait a minute .
It's a threat to the public health because everybody admits this is a disease that is serious that can be spread that continues to be spread .
It's a drain on the public treasury because these individuals cost one hundred dollars to two hundred thousand dollars each to treat .
All right .
I think you've raised the two issues .
Let's put the public treasury issue aside .
No no .
Just for a second we'll get back to it and take the public health issue .
O. k. .
Now the american medical association came out today flatly in favor of lifting the ban .
They said there's no sound scientific public health basis for this <unk> now do you know something the a. m. a. doesn't know .
Yes i do and i know something that the american people know as well and it's called common sense .
For them to say that we cannot exclude people with aids they have to certify as the president has to certify that it is not a <unk> disease with public health significance .
There is i don't know of a single american who is going to say that .
Look do you know can you name me .
It's not a <unk> disease with public health significance .
Look the a. m. a. is certainly wrong about some things .
By the way the a. m. a. .
Can you name me .
The front page of the washington times day before yesterday .
The front page of the washington times was flatly wrong about that .
The a. m. a. .
Well i like to quote myself from the a. m. a. representative .
Here's the press release .
Well the press release we had two doctors at the a. m. a. .
A. m. a. supports public health service decision to lift ban on h. i. v. infected immigrants .
You talk to the physicians in the field at the hospitals who have to treat these individuals when they walk in the door at a cost to the unwilling american taxpayer of one hundred thousand dollars .
Name me one just one public health official or public health expert who is in favor of this ban because as far as i know there aren't any .
There are plenty of politicians .
Well we have lots of doctors .
They're all public health experts .
The only people in favor of the ban are those that are hysterical about aids in general .
And politicians who are trying to make a lot of cheap points .
On no no .
Let me agree with him on one thing .
I do think there's a lot of propaganda and hysteria about aids .
I don't really believe we're all at risk but there's no doubt this is the truth .
Let's take tuberculosis .
It is becoming epidemic in new york and other areas so is hepatitis .
The major <unk> of tuberculosis are people who get aids and therefore become vulnerable to all these diseases and carry them and spread them contagious as well as infectious .
Why would you add last year they kept out six hundred people with aids why would you even add six hundred more people who are going to be carriers of the aids virus as well as countless other diseases if they stay permanently in the united states .
Why do it .
Let me give you one reason .
How does it help our country .
You asked and let me give you an answer .
I represent a woman who's a u. s. citizen and her son who is an intending immigrant has aids .
One reason why we ought to have that man here is so that he can live and ultimately die in dignity with his mother .
It's called being humanitarian .
Let me take that one .
The united states cannot become an aids shelter for the world and if we have a policy that says people can come in regardless of whether or not they have aids that's going to encourage a lot more than the six hundred .
You know you're living in a dream world .
That have been coming in .
You're living in a dream world congressman .
It encourages those people to come in .
We have tens of millions of people waiting on the list today that are healthy why not let them in .
Why let the .
There's a misconception here .
You know even if this ban is lifted it doesn't mean anyone with aids can come in .
You still have to get in and as mr. <unk> will tell you most people who want to come to the united states cannot get in .
What we're really talking about is family reunification cases .
No we're not .
Those are individuals when you open up the doors think of yourself as a person in a third world country poor country .
You can't get in .
No you can get on the waiting list .
You can try to get in .
No you can't .
Congressman it doesn't happen .
Congressman there's two hundred seventy aids <unk> h. i. v. positives right down there in haiti that they're trying to bring into the united states .
They're not in haiti .
Excuse me guantanamo .
They're in prison in guantanamo .
That's the point pat .
Why would you want to bring two hundred seventy people with aids into the united states .
I don't understand it .
It might be a little more cost effective than treating them in cuba .
If you're trying to protect us from aids .
We have them there .
They're our responsibility as refugees .
Cost effective at one hundred thousand dollars a person .
Congressman what do you propose to do about these two hundred seventy .
Let me explain to the viewers who they are .
These are people who have been certified as legitimate political refugees no question of economic refugees .
There they are .
They can't go back to haiti .
We know that .
What do you propose to do to these two hundred seventy people .
Michael why should they be treated any differently than the tens of millions of other individuals who might be refugees who want to come to this country .
They are refugees .
The only difference is o. k. they are refugees .
The only difference is they happen to be at guantanamo base .
Why should they be admitted to this country to continue .
What do you propose to do to them .
With this disease or to go .
Keep them in guantanamo for the rest of their lives .
They're going to cost the american taxpayer .
They're going to cost they're our prisoners .
We're not going to treat them for aids down there .
They're not our prisoners .
They came over here voluntarily were picked up in the gulf .
So what should we do with them .
Send them in .
I'm interested in mike's question .
What should we do with them .
I'd send them back .
I would too .
I would send them back .
I'd tell the military .
You'd violate international law .
I'd send them back .
I'd tell the military you leave every single one of them alone and we'll hold you to it .
It's the same position .
And that's a violation of international law .
The same position as another refugee .
Violation of international law .
One other thing i want clear up .
I don't care i care about the united states of america .
You don't care about that .
You know not some law .
Hold on hold on .
Go ahead congressman .
America is not the only country that rejects individuals who have aids for immigration purposes .
No south africa .
No no not south africa .
I just checked with the state department .
The four countries who accept the most largest number of immigrants the united states canada australia and germany all have restrictions on individuals that have aids .
We do not have .
The western countries you're talking about that don't have any restrictions are the countries that accept the <unk> levels of immigrants of any kind .
I'm sorry .
Canada does not restrict people flatly for having aids neither does germany .
Yes they i just checked .
If they're there for more than ninety days .
Well this is a factual question .
One of us if wrong .
We'll find out afterwards .
But let me ask you .
What is the positive benefit to the american community of bringing in people infected with a dangerous and deadly and <unk> disease .
You're not bringing them in .
Most of them are already here .
Well no no .
We're talking about immigration right now .
I'm talking about immigration .
Most of them are either here or they're coming here to join family members .
If you want to protect your country from aids and i think we would all agree why would you not send them back if they many of them as you know if not most of them got the disease one way and it's the same way they can transmit it .
They are carriers and transmitters of the most .
But you're assuming they're going to transmit it .
You're assuming that these six hundred people who have been told they have aids and know they're going to die are going to go and say .
How do you think they got it .
You can't lock them up .
The last thing that's on their mind i'm sure unless you have some psychopath with aids is going out and infecting other people .
How do you think they've been getting it fellow .
You got a million of them .
How are you going to prevent it from happening .
Are you going to lock these people up .
How are you going to prevent them from continuing to spread aids .
Let me ask you .
What are you going to do about mr. <unk> client the woman whose son is dying of aids wants to come and die in this country with his mother .
Well under current law as mike knows under current law if you're a close family member where you're coming for a short term as a visitor you can come into the united states .
We're not talking about those individuals .
We're talking about individuals who are coming in as immigrants .
So you're going to let this guy in .
Who don't have any family members .
For how long .
For these few people humanitarian reasons i would let them in .
That's how many .
There's probably six hundred of those .
Number .
There's not .
That's what it is .
That's who most of them are .
You know what i find interesting .
You guys are conservatives here .
They can come in already .
Hold on .
You're the conservatives right .
And conservatives are opposed to unnecessary government regulation and not spending money when we don't have to and you're .
And you're the .
What you're suggesting is is that we spend a lot of money unnecessarily on this issue .
We're also in favor of public health and .
And you're for constitutional rights and one of them is the right to life .
When we come back will bill clinton open america's door to the hundreds of thousands of haitians who are there in haiti and who are beginning to knock .
Welcome back .
We're debating the impending decision of president clinton to allow h. i. v. positive immigrants into the united states .
The clinton <unk> say it is in our <unk> tradition .
Republicans say the liberals have lost their minds .
Our guests republican lamar smith of texas who is on the immigration subcommittee and michael <unk> is an attorney with the center for constitutional rights .
Let's talk about the cost now if we may of folks and we're talking now about individuals immigrants who come into this country who we know are h. i. v. positive or have full blown aids .
Why should the american taxpayers who have to take care of their own national family be have this burden imposed upon them of one hundred dollars to two hundred thousand dollars per aids patient who comes into the country when they're having a terrible time taking care of our own people .
Generally they don't and let me explain why .
First of all to administer the current law the one that's going to be changed probably costs more just in pure administration than it would to care for the six hundred people who've come in with aids .
Second .
Who haven't come in .
Well who haven't come in aids exactly .
How could it cost more than one hundred thousand dollars a person for administrative cost .
No you have to administer the cost for all the people you test not just the ones who turn out to have aids .
Exactly and processing all the papers of immigration .
Immigration has a billion dollar budget right now congressman .
Let me explain .
There's a million people in the united states right now with the virus one million people .
You know what the cost of that is one hundred billion dollars plus .
Now are we saying the american taxpayer can afford to pay that and more .
No what he's saying congressman is that the cost of <unk> this law is more than the cost of treating the people who would get in if you didn't have this silly law .
And there's one other thing the congressman .
I don't see how it could be possible .
One other thing you have to keep in mind congressman a law that you folks made on capitol hill says that persons can't immigrate to the united states or they can't even come as visitors or students if they're likely to become a public charge .
I was hoping you'd bring that up .
You know why i was hoping you'd bring that up mike .
Why .
Because you probably know as i know you know how many people were excluded because of the danger that they might become a public charge in nineteen ninety the last year for which we have figures .
Zero <unk> none .
Not true .
No people were excluded because of .
Not true .
And the year before that there were three people .
Congressman you want me to have their family members .
I just checked this .
Start calling your office tomorrow .
You know why that is .
Let's talk about .
I don't know where you're checking .
You have some personal experience .
Of course i do .
No the law is meaningless .
People get turned down every single day for visas for likely to become a public charge and i will be happy to get your phone number and have their family members call you .
You're going to have to do that afterwards .
Let's talk about haitian immigrants .
Mr. clinton himself has backed down before his inauguration when the great boat lift was about to begin with tens of thousands maybe hundreds of thousands of haitian immigrants pouring into florida .
Do you think we should open our doors to that boat lift from haiti if it involves tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of haitians .
I think that we have to begin abiding by international law in how we treat the haitian refugees .
By that i mean people have to be given an opportunity to apply for asylum and show whether or not they're refugees .
It's not a question of opening our doors .
We have a history .
Mr. <unk> .
We have a history in the caribbean of opening our doors to refugees from cuba .
The only difference i really see between the cubans and the haitians is skin color and possibly ideology .
Well let me explain to you .
What's the difference .
First twenty percent of the cubans are black who are refugees .
Secondly they are shot in the florida straits if they're caught .
Third if the haitian immigrants are political refugees in fear of their life they can pick up and walk next door into the dominican republic .
They don't got to get on a boat and go five hundred miles to the united states .
You just said you wanted to send a bunch of them with aids back to haiti with some baloney about telling the police not to shoot them .
I said no listen the united states has got enough listen i think we ought to lift the embargo on haiti and not destroy the economy of that little country .
All right .
We're getting far afield .
Let's get back to aids for a second .
You know congressman this notion that the united states would be flooded with people with aids looking for free treatment if we lifted this ban is sort of hilarious because the united states is the only major country in the world that doesn't supply guaranteed health care for everyone .
Why wouldn't these people from the third world go to france go to germany .
Mike you know as well as i know that the united states has a reputation for providing the best health care possible .
They also know that the american taxpayer will pick up the tab .
Have you ever .
All they have to do is go into a hospital .
Asked a foreigner what they think about american health care .
If you go to a hospital today you check with any physician you know and you come in and you are tested and you are found to have aids or have the aids virus you are declared an emergency and the taxpayer picks up the tab .
That's why those individuals want to come to america .
Let me try once more .
Why would they come to america and not to germany or france where there's no problem at all no controversy at all and everyone is know to guarantee health care to everyone .
Mike for all i know they may want to go to those countries too .
All we know is we have millions of people who are trying to get into the united states .
We happen to be a mecca for most of the people in the world .
But millions of people can't get into the united states irrespective of whether we have this ban or not .
That's just a fantasy of yours .
But more are going to be encouraged if we have a policy that says we're going to let you in .
How do these other countries manage .
Mr. <unk> let's get back to where i think you probably will agree which is let's get back to tuberculosis and we all agree people that tuberculosis because that's contagious as well as infectious .
That remained .
That remains on the list but the reason that tuberculosis is spreading and hepatitis are spreading is because aids patients because their immune system is collapsed become victimized by these diseases .
They contain them keep them they can't get rid of them and so they spread them .
So in a sense are you even inviting a spread of the tuberculosis epidemic if you allow voluntarily people you know who have aids in the united states .
The numbers are so insignificant .
You talked about six hundred out of a million immigrants and out of hundreds .
Well michael kinsley was talking the other night if just one life were lost in a car wreck then it costs five hundred million dollars to g. m. .
All the money that would be involved .
What are you talking about .
I'm talking about what you were talking about the other night the tradeoff of cost for lives .
I said of course there's a tradeoff of cost for lives .
All right .
How much for these lives of people dying of tuberculosis and aids and the disease being spread in the united states .
Pat .
You know we have more aids in this country than any other country in the world .
We are exporting aids .
The idea that we're trying to protect ourselves from foreigners with infection is insane .
Mike may i ask you a question .
O. k. .
In order for us to change the policy mr. clinton has to say that aids is not a <unk> disease of significant health import .
Do you agree with that .
Do you think most americans say aids is not .
The doctors say so the doctors say so .
A <unk> disease of significant health import .
It is not <unk> in the sense that tuberculosis is .
Well then why are worried about the spread of it throughout the united states .
Why are we having spending all this money .
Why are we having a drug czar .
It's not <unk> in the sense that tuberculosis is and every public health official agrees .
Well not in the same sense but .
It's not contagious it's infectious .
Let's take a break .
When we come back we're going to we talked about haitians .
We're going to talk a little about cubans .
Congressman smith you're concerned about the cost of treating people with aids who come into this country as immigrants if this rule is lifted .
A million people come into this country every year .
Surely at least six hundred of them must have serious cases of cancer which is equally costly to treat .
Should they be kept out too .
Mike i'm glad you brought that up because it's interesting to me how much we spend on research for aids compared to individuals with cancer .
That's interesting but how about answering my question .
No no i'll answer your question .
We spend five times as much on aids as we do for cancer and fifty four times as much on aids as heart disease .
Great now answer my question .
O. k. now why is it what was your question .
Why should you be so hysterical about the cost of treating people who come with aids when .
I'm not hysterical .
Well let me ask you .
Should we ban people who want to come into this country who have cancer knowing that the medical treatment might be very expensive .
The cancer costs and the heart disease costs are not near what they are with aids nor are they spread the same way .
Not true .
The other .
Oh come on .
Why don't you just say that you're hung up on aids .
No no .
The other point is i think someone should speak up for the american taxpayer who is paying one hundred dollars to two hundred thousand dollars per individual .
And i'm saying why don't you speak up for the american taxpayer in the case of cancer .
And the other point has to go with the procedure itself .
This the aids was put on the list to keep immigrants out in nineteen eighty seven by act of congress .
Why shouldn't we have a full and open debate in congress to take it off the list .
Why should mr. clinton get away with it on this unilateral decision .
Congressman i just say that i find it very interesting that you and mr. buchanan are so concerned about public health .
Are you in favor of universal health care .
I mean your concern these guys are concerned about public health all of a sudden .
I'm in favor of keeping infectious and contagious diseases away from the public and if you are not go right ahead and say so in the camera .
I said that i am too but the fact of the matter is of the six hundred people that have it i mean our clients that have it for example are the woman that got it at georgetown university hospital in heart surgery .
All i'm saying mr. <unk> .
Before she got her green card and her u. s. citizen kid has it too .
Let's say it is .
Should we keep her out when she got it in surgery at georgetown .
Look if you got six hundred .
That's another good one .
If you've got six hundred people here .
She got it here in an operation .
Many of them mr. <unk> if you got six hundred people let's say half of them are gay activists .
Oh come on please .
Well how do you think they get the disease .
They don't all get it from transfusions .
More than half of those who die are gay activists .
They're activists .
They still are .
They're not only gay they're activists .
They're active gays .
Mike you can't .
They're active gays .
I see .
That's right .
You can't say you're concerned about the public health in not letting these individuals in when in fact they are going to transmit the disease when they get here .
You can't lock them .
They're going to .
What do you mean they're going to how do you say they're going to transmit it .
You know they're .
All right .
These two guys will argue off the show and we'll argue on the show in just a minute .
Thank you congress smith .
Thank you mr. <unk> .
My pleasure .
We'll be back .
This is your last reminder .
John sununu returns on monday but pat won't be going far and he'll be back on alternate weeks .
Pat .
Michael look if aids is an epidemic and it's a dangerous and infectious and fatal disease and you want to minimize it to the degree possible it is insanity to let in young males who are carrying that virus with them if you want to contain it .
Pat the a. m. a. doctor louis sullivan george bush's h. h. s. secretary every major public health official anthony fauci who's <unk> his life to trying to eradicate aids they all think this ban is <unk> .
Every other country in the world thinks that .
Are they crazy or are you crazy .
You're giving up public health and safety for political correctness .
I didn't notice an answer to my question .
From the left i'm mike kinsley .
Good night for crossfire .
From the right pat buchanan .
Join us tomorrow night for another edition of crossfire .
And primenews is next .
I hear clinton's nominated another attorney general .
So what else is new .
Here's bernard shaw .
How irreverent michael .
Thank you .
Coming up on primenews a new nominee for attorney general .
We'll have an in depth look at janet <unk> career .
Just as with her royal subjects the queen is now subject to a <unk> common complaint paying taxes .
And higher taxes could be looming for u. s. corporations and their highly paid executives .
