Religion has a way of stirring up passions often with bloody results .
More than one hundred years ago the government of this country set out to destroy the religions of native americans .
It declared their religious practices illegal and u. s. troops enforced the ban brutally .
In fact that's what was behind the wounded knee massacre .
Tribal religions went underground until the ban was lifted in the nineteen thirties but native americans say some laws still interfere with their ability to worship freely .
And as npr's katie davis tells us that's why native american leaders have made passage of the native american free exercise of religion act their priority .
Ask native americans about religion and they'll tell you the word doesn't exist in our languages .
There are ways though ways that are sacred and ways that permeate life from birth on .
More and more indians feel those beliefs are undermined and assaulted by u. s. laws laws that ban the use of bald eagle feathers which are woven into many indian ceremonies or a law that makes the healing <unk> cactus illegal .
And they point to entire sites closed off to indians rocks mountains and lakes sites necessary for worship .
Here is michael <unk> a leader of the seminole indians of oklahoma .
If you'll consider the places that we dance as churches just happens to be the ceiling is the sky and the stars you know and the walls are of course are the surrounding the trees what we call the standing nation .
And many people have not even considered what is sacred to us what is holy to us and what may be protected for our well being .
The freedom of religion act would protect areas traditionally used for dancing burial praying and gathering of herbs and grasses .
If the site is on federal land such as a park the government will be required to close it for a day or so to allow the tribe privacy for its ceremony .
Suzanne <unk> <unk> who is cheyenne and <unk> <unk> says u. s. laws and policies often interfere with the moral obligation that native americans feel towards the land .
We are the ones who are the keepers of these places .
These places are are magic .
They're holy .
They're powerful .
They are the places that we are responsible for keeping not for ourselves but for everybody and they're the places that a lot of our elders and religious leaders have been kept from just for praying for the world .
And that sense of duty is what led many of the major native american groups to focus on the religion act this year .
Spirituality explains one leader is the essence of who indians are and always has been centuries before any europeans arrived here .
And that comes before housing before education and economic concerns .
Democratic senator ben nighthorse campbell a cheyenne from colorado says that indians are driven by different concerns than most minorities .
Most minorities that came to this country had everything to gain and nothing to lose .
Indians were the only one that had everything to lose and nothing to gain .
Consequently most minorities are driven by what we call upward mobility which means they want a new house and a good job and take care of their kids and so on in a better fashion in a better pay scale .
They want the same things that the white majority has .
Indians want that too but that's not what really drives them .
What really drives them is they don't want to lose any more than they've already lost .
Senator nighthorse campbell says there are some estimates that native americans have lost as much as ninety percent of their cultural knowledge and he's seen this loss within his own family .
I asked my <unk> one time just about the songs and dances of what was called the dog soldiers which was a warrior group of the <unk> .
And he said at one time his grandfathers had told him they knew four hundred different songs just dealing with the dog soldiers .
He only knew four out of the four hundred which means the other three hundred ninety six are lost forever because nobody wrote them wrote them down nobody taped them nobody recorded them .
It was just gone .
So that's what really drives indian people and i i think that's a difference that rarely is understood .
In nineteen eighty eight the supreme court ruled that the u. s. forest service could <unk> a sacred site without violating the first amendment .
This bill is meant as an answer to that and to development threats facing dozens of religious grounds .
The law would also protect indians who use the drug <unk> in healing ceremonies .
Federal regulation does that now .
But in many states indians have faced arrest and other difficulties .
And there is a provision that the beliefs of native american prisoners must be honored .
<unk> <unk> an <unk> <unk> works as a prison counselor to native americans .
He sits <unk> his bear claw necklace and says this as sacred as a cross or star of david .
But many times he says indian prisoners cannot wear it or worship the way they want to .
Indian spiritual leaders are oftentimes harassed .
They don't ask catholic priests to give them a sample of the host to test and see if it has any acid or whatever they're looking for or drugs .
But constantly our spiritual leaders are demeaned and embarrassed and insulted by having to open up their sacred objects for a review by correctional facility administrators guards et cetera .
You know i guess one of our chiefs asked that no one ask the bluebird to sing like a <unk> or a crow to act like an eagle or an eagle to act like a hawk .
They all have their own song .
They all have their own way .
And that is the same with us .
Native americans expect some opposition to the bill from the developers and the mining industry who operate or want to operate in areas that are sacred sites .
The american congress of mining says though at this point it is only monitoring the bill because of its implications for land use .
The same is the case with the national coal association .
<unk> <unk> a pueblo indian with the national congress of american indians says they are making the religion bill a priority this year .
He thinks though the toughest barrier to passage will be that many americans know so little about native americans .
The most basic problem is getting the non indian world to understand that we in fact have special needs that we in fact are human beings who communicate with god like they do and that we have religion .
I mean that sounds strange in nineteen ninety four to be talking about we have to convince people that we're human beings but we actually do that .
And we're still struggling as a society to convince the greater america our brothers and sisters you know white black yellow whatever that we're just as human as you are and that we have the same spiritual needs .
And ray <unk> says indians would like to see bear <unk> in south <unk> black hills mountain .
Graham in arizona and the <unk> in new mexico thought of with the same reverence as saint patrick's cathedral in new york city .
