Let's go to the white house where we have gwen ifill who works for there for the new york times .
We've had this week president's counsel talking about presidential immunity for the paula jones lawsuit .
We had the special election loss .
We also had a famous golf trip on an army helicopter .
It looks to me like it's a pretty good time for the president to be heading for d. day celebrations in europe gwen .
Marines to you young man .
That was a marine helicopter .
I'm sorry .
No it was in lots of ways not a particularly wonderful week .
We've touched on a couple of reasons why .
There is the rostenkowski case which is <unk> bad news for the white house in many ways .
There is health care stalled again as it's been stalled half a dozen times bad news for the white house .
There's this stumble involving the helicopter in which one of the president's senior aides decided to take a marine helicopter that the president usually rides on to go for a golfing trip in western maryland .
He got fired the next day .
Now gwen make some news here .
Weren't there two helicopter rides actually that were going to pick up .
Well there were actually two .
There was a follow up helicopter as well .
And david watkins the aide who was fired and several other white house aides are going to all chip in in this very communal way and help to repay the cost of those operating helicopters .
It's a pretty big mess .
There also was the president announced finally his long awaited decision on whether to grant trade status favored trade status to china .
And when he did it he said he was going to extend these trade privileges he was going to impose some mild sanctions against china and every headline the next day said clinton caves in because once again it was another foreign policy issue that during the campaign he had said this is something which is a terrible thing that president bush is doing and now you can't much tell the difference between president bush's policy and his policy .
Gwen one reason why he got hammered pretty hard from some quarters on the decision on trade with china is that you had before it the haiti reversal the bosnia flip flops and so forth .
Do they think at the white house that they have a problem with the president's image in the world .
Much has been written by others about that .
You hear the european leaders say that .
Do they think that inside the white house .
And if so what do they want to do about it .
I think they do recognize the problem but i think it goes deeper if that's possible than just the president's image in the world .
I think it's the president's image per you know you talk about paula jones .
You talk about you know free helicopter rides .
It all comes back to talking about the president's credibility .
But let me try to put a smiley face on some of this .
The president is connected to rostenkowski there's no question .
But maybe this will provide some new incentive for him to get this health care thing rolling again .
Health care has been slowed .
It's been declared dead many times before with all due respect to my colleague mr. broder and maybe it will revive come back again .
And the good news about the helicopter ride is that for a change instead of allowing the scandal to grow and grow and drag on the president mindful that he was leaving this week next week for d. day festivities in europe fired the guy right out and didn't take any time .
Well there also is good news about china .
Yes .
From a domestic political point of view because in one way he was being very consistent .
Bill clinton said all along i'm going to return economic considerations to a central position in foreign policy .
The americans sell nine billion dollars worth of goods to china it's worth one hundred fifty thousand jobs .
And no issue in the fall campaign is going to be more helpful either this year or in ninety six to bill clinton .
Than jobs .
Than jobs .
That's right .
Absolutely .
This is the good news which got obscured by the fact that the president was <unk> so close to form and changing his mind again on a foreign policy issue .
When he went to the hill this week he went and met with democrats after the race in kentucky and he talked about warned them about right wing fanatics in the republican party that are liable to be elected in the fall campaign .
<unk> he said held hostage by the religious right .
Now doesn't he need some republican votes to get this health care package through .
And wasn't this a little tough this rhetoric if he's looking for some support by the republicans like he got on nafta .
Mmm hmm .
If you were listening he also had some pretty tough rhetoric this week when he talked about abortion when he signed a clinic access bill .
He also talked about the terrorism of people who restrict access for women seeking abortions .
I think he's kicking some of that away .
I think there are some people that the white house has realized that they're never going to get on issues such as health care and that what they've got to focus on are the people they can get .
We folks are out of time .
I want to thank the panel for being here .
Next week we'll look at d. day celebrations with a special guest by satellite who will give us some perspective from london .
That guest .
Paul duke .
I'm ken bode .
Thanks for watching .
