The army is on maneuvers in michigan's northern woods but it's not the u. s. military .
This one is private .
They're armed they say they're patriots and they'll fight if necessary to protect their families from what they consider to be the abuses of excessive government .
The men call themselves the northern michigan regional militia .
They claim to have twelve thousand members .
Recent gun control laws have fueled their anger .
Concerned law enforcement officials say similar citizen militias have popped in more than two dozen states .
Michelle <unk> of <unk> public radio attended a recent assembly of the michigan militia and has this report .
On a farm outside a town called <unk> seventy five men and women patriots of the northern michigan regional militia stand at ease .
All of them are dressed in camouflage fatigues including the chaplain who begins the day with a spiritual message .
A row of semi automatic and bolt action rifles is propped up behind him .
We need to know collectively that we're right .
And then when our own army and navy decides to stand against the constitution of the united states of america we'll call in a higher court .
This militia was formed last april .
The communications officer tells the patriots they are now thousands strong in the militia movement in sixty five michigan counties .
Michigan has the largest standing unorganized well regulated militia in the world today .
And i daresay that within the next six months we'll have the largest standing militia <unk> our u. s. army and within a year we'll outnumber all the armies in the world .
On this day about eight new members are sworn in on the spot .
That i will obey .
I will obey .
The orders of those .
The orders of those .
Appointed over me .
Appointed over me .
For conscience sake .
For conscience sake .
So help me god .
So help me god .
Why did you join up today with the northern michigan regional militia .
Well i spent twenty eight years in the marine corps so i still feel like i can defend my country .
And with some of the stuff going on today i don't think .
<unk> andrews of <unk> .
Well to tell you the truth i wasn't really ready to join today because i wanted to see what was going on but i got kind of swept by it .
Like those who joined militias across the country these men and women say they object to u. s. government control over their lives .
They denounce recent gun control legislation and see the united nations as a serious threat to u. s. sovereignty .
Information officer ray <unk> is married with three children .
He used to be a nurse and is now a real estate agent .
He says he lost his last job because of his involvement in the militia .
Because people are frightened of citizens with weapons and i guess i keep asking the news media show me one example in america where somebody in camouflage has done something that has frightened or harmed citizens .
We keep hearing about paramilitary groups .
Tell me where there's been a problem in america .
These are citizens joining and participating in a constitutional militia to stand up against what patrick henry knew would occur tyranny .
In the cold morning drizzle beside a highway the militiamen spread out into two lines as part of a search and rescue exercise .
They're looking for a fictitious boy with a broken leg .
Well if you want to find your course at two hundred sixty you're going to stay on that course for ten minutes for a ten minute walk o. k. looking for .
Later the militia will fire weapons during target practice on the private property .
<unk> says they're preparing for the worst case scenario .
It's a defensive situation where we may have to go to a neighbor's home to help them defend their home .
Against whom .
Tyrants .
And who would you define as tyrants .
All right .
If you support the constitution and i support the constitution anyone that would break that constitution would be a <unk> .
You know we can talk about assembly we can talk about the right to bear arms .
There's a tremendous amount of deterioration of that constitution and we're here to defend it .
Such talk has local state and federal authorities keeping an eye on the michigan militia .
But officials say there's little they can do as long as the group's activities remain legal .
The u. s. attorney for the western district of michigan michael <unk> says his best estimate is that six thousand people are involved statewide .
He's watching to see how the group evolves .
The question then becomes do they move from a protest movement from dissent to extremism to domestic terrorism .
And moving from domestic dissent to extremism they have the right to do that .
The concern that we have in law enforcement is when they move from extremism to terrorism .
History tells us that that's what happens to these types of groups .
Klan watch in montgomery alabama is also monitoring the growing militia movement and suggests there may be links between such groups and white supremacists a charge that the michigan militia denies .
They say their purpose is to protect individual freedom against government tyranny .
They use the federal siege of the branch davidian compound in waco texas as their rallying cry .
<unk> gives a more recent example of a michigan man who broke environmental laws by putting in ponds on his wetlands and was confronted by armed authorities .
If that occurs again and he would contact the militia there would be an alert that would go through the state that there's an armed assault on a citizen's home and let the <unk> conscience be their guide .
The militia wants everyone to know about them but they also look over their shoulder for anyone trying to undermine their operations .
Forty eight year old norm olson is a baptist minister and state commander of the michigan militia corps .
He's convinced that some day the authorities will lure the militia into battle similar to waco .
We see a conspiracy here a two prong conspiracy either to bring us into a fire fight to destroy us that way or to destroy us by legislation to make us illegal .
A don't tread on me flag flies out front a <unk> sport shop on the farm where the patriots are training .
Olson says the northern michigan regional militia will oppose forces designed to destroy them .
But we're not going to go away .
There's no way to stop us .
