Live from washington crossfire .
On the left mike kinsley .
On the right pat buchanan .
Tonight nannygate .
In the crossfire juan williams columnist for the washington post .
And in los angeles attorney gloria allred .
Good evening .
Welcome to crossfire .
Washington spent the weekend <unk> in nannygate .
On friday a second woman judge kimba wood lost her chance to be attorney general after it emerged that she had hired an illegal alien to care for her child .
On sunday commerce secretary ron brown admitted that he had not paid social security for his three hour a week cleaning lady .
So why should brown a man get to keep his job .
Is the clinton administration guilty of a double standard .
Absolutely not .
For one thing this issue was never an issue it never occurred to anyone to make it an issue until zoe baird voluntarily disclosed it .
So no one knew so no one was subjected to a double standard .
While some feminists are angry at clinton for dumping kimba wood some conservatives are saying this trouble serves him right for insisting on a woman and critics of all stripes are wondering if the clinton administration will ever get its act together .
Gloria allred it seems to me that you should be furious a kimba wood not at bill clinton .
She is the reason she is not going to be attorney general is not has nothing to do with her nanny .
It has to do with the fact that she tried to <unk> the president of the united states .
Three times she was asked do you have a zoe baird problem she didn't say well not really let me explain the difference she said number now they decided when the facts finally came out that they had been snookered and they can't trust her .
Isn't that perfectly reasonable .
No it isn't and i don't believe in blaming the victim michael .
She exercised her judgment .
She told them she did not have a zoe baird problem .
She didn't have a zoe baird problem .
She acted at all times lawfully .
She did all the filing all the disclosure paid all the taxes did much more than millions of americans do i might add and i think it's tremendously unfair to try to punish her now but saying that she didn't disclose .
We had an administration that said read my lips .
I don't want an administration now that says read my mind .
But it's not a question of reading the administration's mind .
It's a question of reading kimba wood's mind .
You know perfectly well that when she said no to that question do you have a kimba wood problem she was hiding information that they would have liked to have had and they had a right to have before they made that decision whether you agree with the decision they make or not .
I think there's a miscommunication here but i do think that the burden should be on the administration to fully articulate what its questions are what its concerns are and if it had this concern then it should have fully articulated she shouldn't be blamed for not having tried to read between the lines of what they were trying to find out .
Oh come on .
You mean to say when they said to her do you have a zoe baird problem it never crossed her mind to mention the fact that she'd hired an illegal alien even though for technical reasons it was legal .
Well it was legal and it always has been legal and if they had political considerations that they were taking into account then they should have articulated them .
I'm more concerned about the fact that ron brown has paid his social security taxes late and this is something that perhaps was not legal for him to do at the time that he failed to pay .
Now he's taking care of the problem .
I'm glad that he has but he's not going to lose his position on account of it but she unfortunately will not enjoy the position of attorney general .
Exactly .
Solely on account of the fact that she has done everything legally .
Exactly gloria well stated .
Juan does she not have a point .
Kimba wood does not have a zoe baird problem but ron brown does .
For years ron brown has not paid the social security taxes on his household worker and he's not in any trouble and kimba wood has been bounced .
Wait this is not a double standard by any means .
You draw it up as if it's an equal equation here with two things of equal weight on either side .
In fact it's not .
In fact ron brown went through the confirmation process .
This issue was not raised because the flags had not gone up in washington around this issue of illegal aliens hired as help .
Juan i'm not putting an equal sign between them .
I'm saying kimba wood didn't do anything wrong in handling her nanny for the last seven years her babysitter and ron brown has ducked paying social security taxes .
His situation is worse than hers is what i'm saying .
He got through .
He's not in trouble .
She's out .
Don't tell me that's not a double standard .
That's the definition of it .
Number .
I mean obviously you don't realize that in this town you go through periods where certain issues become an absolute yellow flag in terms of confirmation hearings .
At the moment that yellow flag is up for people who have somehow hired illegal aliens or not paid the social security taxes as the law <unk> them to do .
That was not the case when brown went through .
We're talking about ron brown now .
No i think it's absolutely true that brown broke the law .
Brown has made <unk> for his problem and said that he was wrong but it's just the case that we're talking about confirmation .
Gloria three women went through the confirmation process before zoe baird and like the men including ron brown who went through that process they were not asked about their domestic help or anything like that .
It wasn't an issue then .
Since that time zoe baird has become an issue .
Men and women alike have been asked about it .
Charles <unk> a very distinguished attorney here in washington who was on the short list for attorney general got bounced 'cause he had a social security problem .
He's a man .
I don't see how you can argue there's a double standard .
Well there is a double standard because the first victims were women and the people most likely to be hurt by all of this are women .
There are single parents millions of them in this country who are trying to be creative everyday trying to figure out how they're going to take care of their children and that by the way is because of twelve years of absolute neglect of the child care crisis by the reagan and the bush administration and i think the government has put women in this position and there is going to be a very definite impact on women .
What are we going to be looking for now .
Only women who have lived in <unk> .
Wait a second .
Ms. allred let me just ask you a question .
Isn't it the case that zoe baird was the one who raised this .
Nobody went to her and said zoe what about your child care situation she volunteered this information understanding that it could compromise her as the leading official of justice in the united states and said if this is a problem let me know. well the white house essentially says no big deal it's o. k. with us .
People in the house and the senate said no big deal but it turns out the american people said it was a big deal .
Why would you blame president clinton for that .
I don't blame president clinton but i do ask for leadership by president clinton .
We heard of stand by your man well i'd like him to stand by his woman .
Wait a minute .
I'd like kimba wood to be the next attorney general .
Wait a minute .
I just want to clarify this gloria .
Gloria you do agree with me that the double standard is people who happened to be confirmed zoe baird versus people who happen to be confirmed after her irrespective of their sex and men and women of both sexes that about covers it have both been caught .
Almost everybody .
They're caught in the gears afterwards and got away with it beforehand .
So it may be a double standard but it has nothing to do with sexual discrimination .
Kimba wood wasn't getting away with anything .
The judge showed the highest ethical standards by complying with all laws and .
She tried to pull a fast one of the president of the united states .
You refuse to admit that .
Well i think the fast one is perhaps the rationalization afterwards for why her name is no longer there and up for nomination as attorney general .
O. k. .
And i just think that it's unfair to victimize her twice first by forcing her to withdraw and second by attacking her and somehow saying that she had the burden of coming forth with this .
She had the burden of answering a question giving information that she knew darn well they wanted and she purposely didn't bring it forth .
All right .
Let me ask juan a question .
Juan you've made the point that zoe baird came forward and indicated she had a problem .
She did the right thing .
Why didn't ron brown do that .
I don't think anybody asked him .
It wasn't on the table .
But you just said that zoe baird came forth and did it .
Zoe baird .
And admitted she'd done something wrong .
That's right .
And this guy's a seven hundred fifty thousand dollar a year big time lawyer didn't pay any of the social security taxes for his help .
Zoe baird comes forward and tells the truth .
She's out .
Kimba wood didn't do anything .
She's out .
Ron brown covered up he stays in the cabinet .
How do you explain that to the women of america that there's no double standard .
There's no cover up here .
At most you can say there's a sin of omission .
Why didn't ron brown volunteer this information .
Maybe ron brown at the time wasn't aware that he had broken the law .
Maybe ron brown considered in the way that zoe baird and the way that other people in this town .
You know would you accept that for you know if ed meese said i wasn't aware that was the law .
I'd say mr. meese .
You'd make a dead run to the washington post and you'd be writing all night .
You got it and i'd also expect that mr. meese would make up for it in just the way that ron brown has done and that both these men had been confirmed before the issue was raised .
You seem to want to ignore that .
Gloria doesn't it make you slightly sick to hear pat buchanan coming on here as the great defender of women and don't you feel that by raising this fuss you are giving aid and comfort to people like pat as opposed to bill clinton who's clearly knocking himself out to find women for his cabinet and has done a heck of a lot better than pat's boss or any president that ever came before him .
Well it does make me slightly queasy to be on the same side as pat buchanan but as they say politics makes strange bedfellows and it couldn't be stranger in this case but i will say that we do have to hold the clintons and the administration as much as i support them and i do to the highest standards and we need to educate the american public that this is not the same situation with kimba wood where she did comply with all the laws .
Kimba wood did comply with all the laws and zoe baird did not .
By the way what about the complete self righteousness and the moral hypocrisy in washington .
I think if you're going to ask these questions of cabinet appointees each and every senator each and every member of congress ought to answer those questions themselves as to whether they've ever hired anyone who was undocumented whether they've paid all the social security taxes worker's comp and all the rest of it and i'll bet the answer by many of them would be number .
O. k. gloria well stated .
How serious is the political mess in which the clinton white house finds itself .
That issue just as soon as we come back .
Welcome back .
Because she failed to level with the white house about having hired an illegal alien as a babysitter seven years ago judge kimba wood will not be attorney general of the united states .
Kimba wood did not jump she was pushed overboard by the clinton white house .
Did the white house do the right thing and why can't them seem to get it right .
Our guests in california feminist attorney gloria allred and here in washington journalist juan williams of the washington post and sometime co host of crossfire .
Juan we have had a real debacle with the zoe baird thing and now the kimba wood thing and the mess over attorney general .
Isn't this the inevitable result when you try to make the united states department of justice a gender set aside for feminists .
Well i think if you want to look at it in terms of the bean counting criticism i guess you could make that comment but you've also got to understand that if you want to bean count all we've had over there are white males pat and what you're saying here is on the clinton part we're trying to open up this process .
We're going to look and see if there are qualified women and there are qualified women available for that position .
But juan williams look what mr. clinton has said in effect is that if you're a white male lawyer you need not apply for my department of justice .
Now if anyone had said excuse me that we don't want any women applications for justice and no black applications for justice you would go bonkers .
You're right .
O. k. .
But why is it o. k. to say that all the men who are judges white males all the men who are lawyers all the men who are heading up law departments at various universities they are unqualified they are out of consideration why is that right .
Well you're wrong on two points .
One is no one said that there are not qualified applications not desired they can apply .
In fact jerry <unk> chuck <unk> other people have certainly applied and been considered .
The big point here is that our history as americans indicates that we have had discrimination against women against blacks against hispanics asians and that the clinton people are very interested in making sure that everyone is considered for these appointments .
They're not considering everyone they're ruling out white males .
No they're simply saying that we have .
Well you do when you say they're ruling out men .
When you say that my attorney general is going to be a woman that tends as michael pointed out to rule out that other sex which is males .
Number .
Are you telling me chuck <unk> a woman or jerry <unk> is a woman .
No these are people who are being considered for the job even as we sit here .
They would have listen look the governor former <unk> is a former governor of virginia if they weren't after a woman he would be attorney general right now .
Why isn't he .
What's wrong well i'm certainly not going to ask gloria allred what's wrong with looking for a woman .
Let me put it the other way to you gloria .
Once again you see how you're falling right into pat's trap here .
Clinton said i don't think he ever said i insist on having a woman .
What he said is i'm going to be more imaginative and more energetic in seeking a diverse cabinet and he did that .
That takes risks with it .
You tend to go to names that are not as well known as other names and you end up with some setbacks as he's had .
Would you blame him if at this point he said i am going to go for the most prestigious judge or law school dean i can find and if that's a man so be it .
Absolutely .
We've got to have a woman as attorney general .
Look this has been a men's club in the department of justice from the beginning of time .
It's time to break through the glass ceiling in government .
Government is the largest employer in the nation .
It sets the moral tone and president clinton has got to show leadership and have a woman in there .
We can't have only three women in the cabinet out of fourteen positions .
That's what president bush had .
We've got to do better than that and we have to have at least one more and that's in the department of justice .
You know but ms. allred .
The idea that the only woman that can be in the white house as a lawyer is the wife of the president is completely unacceptable .
This is nineteen ninety three we need an attorney general who's a woman .
You know what's interesting here ms. allred is that in fact when you look at zoe <unk> record or when you come forward and look at kimba wood's record you see that in fact they're pretty conservative in many of the positions they've taken .
You know i don't think there's any doubt about zoe baird at aetna and the kind of positions she was taking anti litigation and so forth along dan quayle lines and when you look at the fact that bush appointed kimba wood to the federal judiciary i think that in fact you need women who have more liberal credentials don't you .
Well i like that .
There are plenty of feminist women lawyers and women judges out there .
There's the national women judges association .
We have hundreds of names we could provide anytime from the national women's political caucus .
We have provided names .
Let me ask you gloria the question that pat can't ask you 'cause of our format tonight .
If you had a choice between someone who agreed with your views about legal issues and happened to be a man or someone who disagreed with them and happened to be a woman would you really pick the woman .
Those are false alternatives because i want a woman with feminist views .
You want your cake and eat it too .
Who believes in <unk> with a record of civil rights and consumer rights and there are many women out there who will fit that description .
And that doesn't have a nanny problems .
Let me get to you juan on the this is the larger thing .
Republicans haven't really gone after bill clinton .
He is stumbling all over the lot .
I mean is this just as casey <unk> can't anybody here play this game .
Is this just a couple of mistakes or is this endemic in this administration .
It's in trouble .
Well they're in trouble .
They're having a little trouble coming out of the box but i think that it's quick to condemn anybody .
I mean .
I'm not condemning them .
They're .
They're just here .
I mean they're just getting set .
They're just trying to get their staffing .
They're trying to get the phones to work .
It is every i mean these aren't this isn't pat buchanan conservative journalists are saying it's the worst start up of any administration they can ever recall .
What is the problem .
And what did they say when reagan was starting and what did they say when bush was starting .
If they always say it it's the same old cant we're in the same town .
It's like tribal rites my goodness .
And once again gloria aren't you giving aid and comfort to the people who are saying these sorts of things by raising a fuss over clinton when the blame really goes in this last i mean i agree with the zoe baird thing he blew it he made a mistake of judgment but i cannot see what he did wrong in this kimba wood thing when she kept the crucial facts secret from him .
No i mean women have been told to keep silent for many years for two hundred years at least .
Oh wait now there's a war .
Oh wait now there's an economic problem .
Just be silent and finally someone will address our concerns later when it's more convenient when there's a better time .
No this is a time we have to address it as we go along and i know that president and hillary clinton will do their best to have a feminist woman as attorney general but we've got to also really have a strict scrutiny of what they are doing and the process as we go .
All right .
Let's take a break and when we come back we're going to talk about another little corner of this kimba wood business the playboy bunny scandal .
Gloria allred somehow it leaked out during this mess last week that kimba wood thirty years ago had spent a few days training to work in a playboy club in london .
Now i don't find that in any way a bad thing about kimba wood .
I don't think you do .
Juan doesn't .
I'll bet even pat buchanan doesn't .
So why are people trying to make such a big deal out of that .
Well i think that perhaps some people suspect the president's motives that they think that maybe this was the real flap that he was concerned about and didn't want to be subjected to jokes on late night talk shows about having a playboy bunny <unk> or maybe .
That doesn't even make sense .
A <unk> as the attorney general of the united states .
Maybe that was the real reason .
I don't know .
Most people i know .
Seems unlikely doesn't it .
Don't even care if she became a playboy bunny which she never did .
But you know why the point is that this obviously was leaked out by the clinton people in the white house and look what she did twenty three years old working as whether it was a <unk> in a playboy bunny club is going to be good for a laugh for one night at the talk show host but nobody was going to withhold approving her on that ground .
Of course not .
So what is the accusation against the clinton people .
The clinton people leaked it out .
Nobody knew that .
Isn't that right .
Yeah the clinton people let it out but that's the point is here the clinton people were saying here's the entire record .
This woman had not been fully truthful with us about the zoe baird problem .
We're putting it all out in terms of things that weighed against her in our mind .
You know what i think .
They were defending a decision they knew was inherently <unk> and maybe even cowardly to dump the woman .
What are you talking about .
They dumped her and then they wanted to defend themselves .
We had a lot of trouble .
Oh come on pat .
They dumped her .
Sure they did .
She eventually came forward with information they were unaware of and put them in a compromising position .
And they panicked and dumped her .
They could have got her through .
All right .
We'll get to that at the end pat .
I want to come back to that but last question to gloria .
Aren't things that clinton has already done as president like lifting the abortion gag rule and pushing through that family leave bill far more important for women than this little fuss over kimba wood .
Well i think it's very significant all of the abortion rights legislation that he signed and ordered and all of the family leave bill which we've struggled so long to get into law and of course there are many challenges ahead but it's still very important that women be in the palace of power in the white house that we have an opportunity to participate in important decisions that affect women's lives because our daughters need role models .
We need women as leaders and there is no substitute for women in the white house .
I've got to cut you off at that point .
Thank you gloria allred out in l. a. thank you juan williams here in washington .
You're welcome .
I'll explain the facts of life to pat in just a moment .
Remember one more week of pat and then john sununu is back for a while .
Meanwhile pat you called clinton's decision to dump kimba wood which he obviously did cowardly .
Would president buchanan how would president buchanan react if a cabinet nominee had withheld obviously on purpose information that she knew perfectly well was relevant to his decision .
Well she .
And then found out about it at the last minute .
She brought in all these documents and things .
I'd take a look at my council and i'd make a judgment .
I would not i think it was a cowardly i think they choked michael .
But you would have pat you're such a hypocrite .
You would have been livid at this women for stabbing you in the back and denying you this .
She didn't it wasn't stabbing in the back .
You know he asked her do you have a zoe baird problem and she used a lot of <unk> to get out of answering that question straight .
Michael they're in trouble because of this idiotic policy of making the justice department .
And you're evading my question just the way she evaded .
From the left i'm mike kinsley .
Good night for crossfire .
From the right pat buchanan .
Join us tomorrow night for another edition of crossfire .
Primenews is up next .
Here's bernard shaw to give us a sneak preview .
Bernie .
Thank you michael .
Coming up on primenews a gunman walks into a los angeles hospital and opens fire an update on the condition of the victims .
A special look at sarajevo and its journey from a shining olympic city to a shattered symbol of what can happen when a nation unravels .
And the stars and bars of the confederate flag does it have a place in the new south .
