Tonight a warning about a new kind of terror and anyone who drives a car could be a victim .
It's a crime that's come to be known as carjacking .
Have you heard about this .
One moment you're about to get in your car or maybe you're already in your car and the next there's a gun at your head and that fast it's your car or your life .
Carjacking is part of the new anything goes style of <unk> .
The crime is an increasing threat around the country .
Perhaps the best way to appreciate the risk is to get a taste of the danger .
Well as it happens a. b. c. news correspondent carole simpson got more than a taste .
As you'll hear she lost her car and could have lost her life .
Get ready for a plate .
New jersey registration hotel bravo charlie .
Another friday night in newark new jersey .
Auto squad detectives record on a dashboard mounted video camera their high speed chase of one of the nation's latest hoodlums a <unk> a criminal who takes a car away from its driver by force .
Police say there are thirty to forty carjackings a week in newark .
This suspect gets away .
Not all <unk> are so lucky .
After crashing the car he had stolen from a woman at a <unk> this one tried to escape on foot .
Police caught him .
There have always been car thieves .
Traditionally they've used tools to steal parked cars but the eleven major cities contacted for this report are seeing a growing number of armed robberies of cars .
The tools of this trade are most often high powered weapons and these modern day highway robbers are not afraid to <unk> or kill to get the car they want .
The in vogue thing to do is to take a car at gunpoint .
That has become the trend .
It's fashionable .
Lou is a twenty two year veteran of the newark police department .
We've concealed his identity to protect his undercover work .
The way i interpret it is anybody who does something of this nature is a potential murderer because if it comes to pushing and shoving he's going to either have to run away or pull the trigger and kill the person .
As he was coming up i seen the gun and he just jumped up slammed the gun in my head and pulled the trigger .
And when the gun wouldn't go off with his left hand he <unk> me in the face and then he put the gun again and he pulled the trigger a second time .
Loretta <unk> was accosted by a <unk> last year in her own driveway in a tough newark neighborhood .
After the gun <unk> loretta says she got angry .
And he was starting to leave and i grabbed the top threw my leg up on here and i just held on for the ride this way .
I had one foot up on the top of my car almost .
You were riding on the hood of this car hanging on to your car .
Well hanging on the side of it and he took me down the block made a right and almost to the end by twelfth street is where i broke loose .
He fired a gun at your head two times .
Yes he did and he tried to kill me and i still wanted to impress upon this man that it wasn't going to be that easy .
Do you ever lose sleep thinking you could have been dead .
Number .
What happens to me is i have recurring nightmares the gun clicking and i wake up in a cold sweat .
And i guess for a long time to come that's going to happen to me .
Well once they see the gun the eyes is on the gun and whatever you say whatever you say goes .
Twenty year old <unk> tucker is not the man who took <unk> car but he began stealing cars when he was twelve .
He fits the profile of a <unk> a young minority male from a poor family living in an inner city neighborhood .
<unk> admits to <unk> at least ten cars .
You'll catch them at a <unk> and you just approach them .
You know somebody stops in front of the car and you go to the driver you go to the driver's side of the car and tell them to get out .
You know you put on the roughest face that you can possibly whip up and make them get out .
Lou the police detective has seen other methods used in carjacking .
Well they have the fake accident the bump and run the bump and rob where they'll hit the back of your car .
They'll come up behind you and hit the back of your car .
And you'll stop pull over to get the information on the driver and at least to look at your car if nothing else .
And when you do that they take your car and your wallet and your rings and watch and anything else that you have of any value .
Did you feel good when you had that power over somebody .
<unk> feel real good 'cause then you get respect from your peers .
What is it like to see fear on people's faces when you'd steal their cars at gunpoint .
Sometimes it was funny .
You know you really could if you was into it you'd really get a kick out of it .
Out of seeing somebody frightened to death .
Seeing somebody flinching or whatever .
You really get a kick out of that .
All it takes to be a <unk> is a bad attitude and a gun .
Newark police confiscated these weapons from armed street robbers including convicted <unk> .
<unk> says with guns so cheap and accessible on the streets <unk> can take any car they want from almost anyone .
Hey it can be a actual van with twelve people in it .
They see four black kids with four guns they're getting out of the van the quickest way as possible coming out the windows probably trying to make a new door .
I told you that i was a victim of carjacking .
Is there anything i could have done to avoid it or any potential victim can do to avoid it .
Nothing you can do .
The rush is on .
Ain't no way you can go but out the car .
It was a year ago in broad daylight .
I was at this shopping center near my home in suburban washington d. c. .
I was getting out of the car to load my groceries in the trunk when out of nowhere a man appeared .
He had a zero point nine millimeter semi automatic pistol .
He threatened to blow my head off if i didn't cooperate .
I gave him my purse and my car .
Fifteen minutes later my car was used to rob a bank with a hand grenade .
I got the car back five days later but i can't bring myself to drive it again .
The experience was terrifying .
Carjacking is a growing crime in the washington area but it's been a problem in the los angeles area for the last several years .
This city has more luxury cars and more auto thefts than anywhere else in the country .
According to the los angeles police department of the seventy thousand cars stolen in nineteen ninety four thousand two hundred were taken by force usually at gunpoint .
That's an average ten to twelve carjackings a day .
Police say carjackings are on the rise because car thieves are having more and more trouble <unk> the complicated locks and security systems on many new cars .
It's a lot easier to use force to get the keys away from the owner and simply drive the car away .
There are two major reasons cars are jacked .
They are used to commit other crimes or stripped and sold for parts .
If you look at that nissan over there that one that car was stolen for parts .
L. a. detective mark fuhrman says although anyone can be a victim of carjacking criminals often target some in particular .
It's dangerous out there and there are a lot of people that are taken advantage of lone females expensive cars expensive jewelry and that's just a fact of life ion the big city .
It's getting slightly out of control .
Detective fuhrman says the crime makes good sense to criminals .
You go into a grocery story and you rob it you're not looking at a lot of money and you're looking at a lot of time in jail if you get caught plus you have a lot of witnesses .
You take a ninety thousand dollar nine hundred eleven porsche and turn it over for a significant amount of money for about twenty <unk> worth of work you don't have a lot of time you're looking 'cause it's still a second degree robbery and very high profit and you can do quite a few of them .
Do you think the word is out on the street .
I think the word's out in prison .
I had a specific case where a man got out of jail and started a bump and rob ring as soon as he got out .
He took street robbers that were <unk> purses and getting twenty dollars and he was showing them how to make thousands .
The majority of <unk> victims are not physically harmed but todd dow was shot even though he gave up his car .
He was driving a jeep through an affluent black community in los angeles when he was confronted at a <unk> by a seventeen year old gunman .
And when i looked there was a gun and he said get out or lose your life .
And i'm not going to argue with the guy so i got out .
And when i got out the car i don't know it was just something in his eyes just looked like he was going to shoot me anyway it was like he was looking right through me like he didn't care and he just shot me .
The bullet passed through his arm and lodged in his spine and todd was told he would never walk again .
He didn't have to shoot me .
He could have took the car and gone about his business but he shot me for no reason and took away a part of my life that i'll never be able to get back .
With determination and hard work and therapy todd can walk now with a brace but with difficulty .
He lost mobility but twenty one year old <unk> <unk> lost his life .
When he tried to get away from a gang of <unk> he was murdered in a convenience store parking lot .
Police told his mother cheryl that the group of teenagers wanted the wheels on his girlfriend's honda civic .
They fired on him with a zero point nine millimeter gun .
They fired continuously .
They fired so <unk> that everyone in the seven eleven fell to the floor .
Everybody was afraid to come up at one point .
That's how gruesome it was .
I was told that after the shooting they walked away laughing and i would ask them is the joy still gratifying you know do they still feel happiness about the depth of hurt that they have caused this family .
After spending three years in a juvenile detention home for selling drugs <unk> tucker says he doesn't plan to <unk> anymore .
He says he's changing the direction of his life .
He's now enrolled in a special youth program and working on his high school equivalency diploma .
I'll probably see myself coming back you know coming back here and trying to do something in the community you know 'cause this it's like you just got to give back your dues pay your dues make up for the wrong that you made .
What if somebody were to come up to today and said let's go steal a <unk> .
I say i see you when you get back .
It's not really out there .
Once you really get your eyes open it's not really out there but a quick way to die .
Carole what are his chances of turning his life around do you think .
Well hugh i'm hopeful he will be able to turn his life around the way he wants to but he comes from an environment in which he's pretty much trapped in a situation where the odds are stacked against him .
He comes from a broken home he comes from an area where there are few economic opportunities poor schools poor housing lots of guns and lots of crime and peer pressure for crime .
Now that situation doesn't mean that somebody must turn to a life of crime but a lot of people who don't see any stake in the future sometimes do turn to crime .
He appears to see some future and maybe .
That's the hopeful sign right .
As a result of your horrifying experience what tips would you have for people driving cars to avoid being carjacked .
Well there aren't many .
I mean sometimes it's going to happen no matter what .
But the police do advise to keep your windows rolled up to keep your doors locked .
Women should not leave their purses on the front seat of the car .
And you should be suspicious of everything around you always aware of suspicious people and suspicious behavior .
Then if you are stopped and a gunman does approach you cooperate .
Give them the car give them your valuables .
They can be replaced .
Well it's a new <unk> and not a happy one but very interesting and thank you carole .
Well later an amazing woman who engineered the campaign to put elvis presley on a <unk> stamp .
Bob brown has her story .
But first a rare look into the life of the infamous ivan <unk> who went to jail for insider trading .
For the first time his <unk> wife speaks out .
His wall street dealings made him one of the richest men in america .
Now <unk> wants alimony from his wife .
Why .
And why is she finally talking .
