And from miami npr's derek reveron reports on the controversy over a teen curfew that went into effect last week .
Black leaders traditionally have opposed teen curfews and criticized them as discriminatory and unconstitutional .
But now many blacks are besieged by crime teen crime in particular and they feel compelled to give measures such as the curfew a chance .
A black dade county commissioner proposed the law and even the greater miami urban league a long time defender of black civil rights strongly supports it .
Tee <unk> fair is the urban league's president .
Fair says it times for blacks to publicly admit that black teens are the cause of the surging crime wave .
I can make some excuse about the fact that they came from female heads of households or that they're poor or this is just white folks reporting that bad stuff about us it's another one of those conspiracies or that they are a third generation's victims of racism .
We are now going to assume the full responsibility for own behavior and admit that in spite of what they think about us something is still wrong in our community .
Fair is so frustrated with crime that he doesn't care if his support of the curfew confirms the stereotype that black youths are thugs who don't care about themselves or anybody else .
The stereotypes are real .
They're based on experiences and facts .
Look at the six o'clock news on channel seven channel ten channel four .
Pick up the paper and read the numbers of the ten tourists last year .
Nine of them allegedly were killed by someone who looks like me who lives in my neighborhood .
Fair is part of a growing chorus in black communities urging blacks to stop blaming white racism for black on black crime and to take responsibility for doing something about it .
Jesse jackson for example tells blacks to end their conspiracy of silence and report lawbreakers to the police .
But it's not only black leaders who support tougher measures against crime .
A poll shows that more than seventy percent of blacks in dade county back the curfew .
On a recent sunday clifford henderson arrives for services at <unk> methodist episcopal church in miami's <unk> neighborhood .
Henderson admits that the curfew could unfairly target blacks but he's desperate for a solution to the black teen crime epidemic .
We've got to do something .
I don't know what it is yet .
I feel like we could try this .
If it doesn't work then get rid of it and try something else .
But we got to do something .
Henderson a retired bus driver was once a victim of black on black crime .
He was robbed by an eleven year old boy .
Henderson says that when he hears about a tourist robbery the first thing he thinks is .
Please don't let it be a black but nine times out of ten it ends up being a black that do it .
<unk> church is one of several black churches that along with the urban league have offered to help enforce the curfew .
The law requires teens under seventeen to be off the street after eleven p. m. on <unk> and after midnight on weekends .
Violators would be detained at police stations until their parents picked them up .
Under the church plan police would drop off teams at <unk> and other churches instead of taking them to a police station then church volunteers would take them home .
Black leaders say they want to help enforce the curfew to ensure that it doesn't discriminate against blacks .
The reverend h. c. wilkes is the executive director of the african american council of christian clergy .
If there is some way that we can control any of our dealing with police and the law enforcement agencies all together it's to be involved with it .
If i continue to sit and complain whatever the situation is going to be is going to happen anyway .
But if i'm a part of it i can help direct the direction in which it goes .
While supporters of the curfew believe it's part of the solution to youth crime opponents see it as part of the problem .
They believe young black males have disproportionately higher arrest rates because police single them out and they fear the curfew would be yet another tool police could use to crack down on blacks .
Miami dade n. double a. c. p. president johnnie <unk> rejects the curfew on traditional civil rights grounds .
It is a fact that african american males are looked at far differently from anyone else when it comes to police officer attempting to do their jobs and we just can envision violation of someone's civil rights as well as human rights .
But curfew supporters argue that some black leadership organizations are out of step with today's black communities .
The urban league's fair says that blacks should not allow past episodes of police discrimination to convince them that the curfew will unfairly target blacks .
You have some isolated incidents that have gotten notoriety .
For anybody to conclude that they represent the core of the relationship i mean is really paranoid .
Without any evidence they still think that white folks are in their way .
If you think that then so be it but there is no proof of it .
The florida chapter of the american civil liberties union has filed a lawsuit to halt the curfew .
Meanwhile dade county commissioners have agreed to review the law periodically to determine if it's being enforced fairly .
If it isn't the commission will consider repealing the curfew .
