Just what does it mean when a label on a <unk> chicken says fresh not what you think it should mean .
C. n. n.'s elizabeth schwartz reports .
That's no bowling ball that's a frozen chicken and once it's <unk> out it can legally be labeled fresh .
That's a surprise to many consumers .
With the word fresh i assume it hasn't been frozen .
If it's been frozen then i think it should say on there that it's been frozen .
I just don't think it's fair that they say it's fresh when it has been frozen .
It's a burning issue pitting chicken company against chicken company and even california senator diane feinstein against arkansas senator dale bumpers .
Formerly frozen chickens are called fresh with the blessings of the u. s. department of agriculture .
The federal law which was approved by a previous administration allows for a product to be labeled as fresh even though it's frozen rock hard .
Call it whatever you will it's a consumer fraud of major proportions .
The major chicken producers in california are <unk> because they don't freeze their chickens .
To make their point they drop and drop and bowl with frozen birds and the state passed a law saying no <unk> chickens could call themselves fresh .
The big companies in the southeast like tyson and <unk> didn't like that law .
They sometimes freeze chicken before shipping even though the birds could make the journey across the country unfrozen .
They say individual state laws would create poultry pandemonium .
That would be chaos and terribly difficult for interstate commerce of poultry .
A federal court agreed and now california has taken its case to the u. s. d. a. where they're up against the influential national poultry lobby .
Somebody told me they're as powerful as the national rifle association .
We think we're a very effective group .
Politics aside is there any difference in taste between the two types of chicken .
It depends on who you ask .
Some would say that when you freeze and then thaw chicken the meat ends up being a little bit dried out but others would say it tastes just fine .
One thing's for sure poultry companies get more money when a chicken says fresh making this a game no one wants to lose .
