Reporter brooke <unk> went to the russian parliament building tonight hours after the demonstrators there had broken through police barricades and <unk> the revolt against boris yeltsin .
She asked people in the dwindling crowd why they were fighting against the russian president .
At sunset a couple hundred people <unk> around in the rubble on the road in front of the white house a quiet contrast to the thousands who stormed the barricades this afternoon .
They casually strolled in front of the parliament and not one of them wore a uniform .
In fact the scores of militia riot police and special forces that have clogged the capital for the last two weeks were gone vanished after protesters in support of the parliament broke through their lines .
The soldiers had fled leaving nothing but water cannons barbed wire and some riot shields behind .
It was a beautiful autumn evening .
The moon was full and yellow shining through the pollution and gleaming off the moscow river .
The people at the white house tonight sifted through the rubble like archaeologists or more like <unk> grave robbers at the tomb of king <unk> .
There were young fresh faces here not the <unk> defenders with shopping bags that had stood here not many days ago in freezing rain to defend the white house .
A cluster of kids were pounding with makeshift <unk> at rolls of abandoned barbed wire .
How old are you .
Eleven .
What do you think happened today .
They shot at people they had a big fight and they were throwing bricks at each other .
So who do you think is in charge of the country now .
Where did you get the riot shield .
You guys are posing for pictures where did the shield come from .
Near near the white house .
Some policemen had left it there .
In the crowd was a member of parliament well satisfied with the afternoon's events .
What happened here today is what should have happened it's what needed to happen .
It's just proof that you can't pressure people using force .
You should leave .
I think you should leave .
Who do you support .
I am for the parliament because they support the constitution and they are fighting for the constitution .
I am also a deputy and i am a member of the supreme soviet of russia .
This is all a shame i'm sick and tired of this .
A young man paused in his effort to push an abandoned water cannon out of the road .
I think the events in the evening have showed quite <unk> i would say the attitudes of the soviet people .
I do point it out that it is the soviet people not only the russian people to the criminal <unk> headed by yeltsin .
It's absolutely obvious .
We can just enumerate several cases .
When yeltsin broke his promises he deceived the people .
His arrogant attitude to the citizens and to our fellow countrymen .
Do you favor a return then the communist system .
It's just a political gimmick of those who support yeltsin who say look communists are coming .
This is not true .
I interviewed people in front of the white house at the beginning of this .
They said they were glad to be communists and they blamed everything wrong with the country on jews .
Well i don't think that only jews should be blamed for the events and for hardships that we have come across over the last three or four years or five or six generally speaking eight years .
Yeltsin is not a jew but he is the enemy of the .
After the announcement some young men went back to the business of blocking the road to the white house with abandoned military vehicles should the troops come back this way .
They didn't seem worried however .
They hadn't yet heard reports of paratroopers on the move .
