The clinton administration particularly the first lady spent much of the year crafting health care reforms .
The goal .
Provide universal coverage health care for all americans those working and those not .
A look at the prognosis for reform in nineteen ninety four from c. n. n.'s senior correspondent charles bierbauer .
If only health care reform were this simple .
My christmas and new year's wish for america is that every american by this time next year can look forward to having the same kind of system that members of congress and the president have today .
It's congress and the president in the year ahead who will have to reconcile their differences on what kind of health care guarantees americans should have and can afford .
Predictions .
It will happen .
Will it be easy .
Number .
Could it not happen .
Oh sure .
Things can go wrong .
You could get a deadlock but i think there's a spirit on both sides .
There is also plenty of competition for the president from both sides .
There are democrats who think the president has created an unnecessarily complex system .
We call our proposal clinton light because it tastes great and it less filling .
We achieve the president's goals but with less cost and less bureaucracy .
And republicans who think it's too much big government .
I think we'll have several major major philosophical battles with the administration .
Political <unk> are already buzzing .
I described it the other day as socialized medicine sooner or later .
You don't necessarily get it to it the first week although you clearly have a national health board and a national health bureaucracy .
The president <unk> gingrich's charge by surrounding himself with supportive doctors .
I would hope we'll all get a laugh when we think about this eminent panel of socialists up here on the platform .
But there's another answer .
I don't think what the clinton administration's proposed is socialized medicine .
I think it's expensive medicine .
Money is really the root of the debate .
Health care now accounts for one dollar in every seven americans spend .
The <unk> include how much the president's ambitious menu of benefits could cost or save how much medicare and medicaid can realistically and politically be trimmed how big a health care burden business can stand how deeply individuals should dig into their pockets .
But the numbers add up the numbers are fine the numbers will work the numbers are very big .
Health care is very expensive .
This is going to work .
Congress will have options .
Democrat cooper would slow the pace toward the president's demand for universal coverage .
Is not like a light switch .
You just don't turn it on or off .
It's more like a dimmer switch .
And our bill is eighty percent bright without blowing any fuses .
We think that's pretty good .
And then in a couple years we can get one hundred percent bright without blowing any fuses .
Republican nickles like clinton would mandate coverage but only for the most costly care .
So if we had everybody have at least catastrophic that would cover the big expenses .
That would cover the major expenses in hospitals and would eliminate a lot of the cost shifting .
Republican chafee would shift the responsibility .
Under our legislation we have the responsibility finally on the individual .
The clinton administration as you know requires the employer eighty percent up to eighty percent of the health premium cost .
We feel this is very very severe on small business .
The clintons will continue to make this a public issue in the hope of retaining as much of their plan as possible but most of the work now will be done on capitol hill much of it away from the formal committee rooms .
We meet every week .
I started this .
We meet in my office .
The agenda is there it's very relaxed very casual coke and cookies but we talk to each other .
Senator rockefeller thinks neither the democrats nor the republicans can pass health care on their own .
They'll need each other .
Their differences will have to be ironed out over the next six eight or nine months but the mandate is really now for congress to show that it can do something about health care .
