As we have been reporting the federal appeals court of the fifth u. s. circuit a three judge panel voted three to nothing today to overturn louisiana's stringent anti abortion law which could send doctors who perform abortions to prison .
They ruled that it is clearly unconstitutional .
Kathryn <unk> the vice president for the reproductive center for law and policy is on the line with us for reaction to this ruling .
Kathryn what do you think .
Well we're very very pleased with the court of appeals ruling .
They have clearly stated that the supreme court is in agreement that bans on abortion like that in louisiana are unconstitutional .
And we hope that this discourages state legislatures in the future from passing such restrictive laws .
We are getting indications that both sides in this matter expect this louisiana law to go all the way to the supreme court .
Well i think that's the key story behind the <unk> ruling and that is that there it only takes the votes of four justices of the supreme court to accept this case again for review .
If there are a minority of justices who are bent on overruling roe v. .
Wade this case presents one more additional opportunity to do so .
There's also a case that has come out of guam a statute in guam that bans abortion that will present the same issue to the supreme court .
And the louisiana case then presents a second opportunity .
Given the fact that the court is so closely divided on the question of legal abortion it unfortunately presents the opportunity of another go around like we had last year .
And .
You're speaking of the pennsylvania law .
That's right .
The center for reproductive law and policy represented the plaintiffs in the pennsylvania case .
I took that case to the supreme court and at that time the court was presented with the opportunity to overrule roe v. .
Wade .
Four justices of that court believed that roe ought to be overturned and they said so in the casey case that's the pennsylvania case .
If the louisiana case is accepted by the supreme court again those same four justices would have an additional opportunity to make their views known and to threaten the reproductive rights of women across the nation .
Is there anything to indicate that the differences on the court would have changed between the pennsylvania law and the louisiana law .
No there's not and but unfortunately they're only one vote away from being able to overturn roe v. .
Wade .
If the presidential politics remain the same and any of the justices leave the court by the end of the term then again that opportunity may present itself .
And so we always consider the potential of abortion cases going to the supreme court as a severe threat to women's reproductive freedoms .
All right .
