Skinheads .
Hello i'm sonya friedman .
Skinheads an instant image but also a way of life and an attitude an attitude of hate .
Here is that attitude in action .
These young men in alabama are shown in a documentary on h. b. o. which premiers may fourth called skinheads u. s. a. soldiers of the race war .
They are <unk> in a startling way on the outside for their crew cuts <unk> nazi propaganda internally for their angry beliefs against blacks and jews and often in support of violence .
They say they simply believe in white power and fight drugs and crimes .
We'll hear firsthand from two skinheads with me today chris <unk> nineteen years old director of the illinois chapter of the northern hammer skinheads and bob <unk> twenty years old and assistant director of the same organization .
But first i have with me here in new york shari <unk> who made that h. b. o. documentary and who spent time with those skinheads in the documentary in alabama .
Shari what was it like to be there what was the feeling you had and why do you think the young men that you saw were there .
It was fascinating to me and i felt like i was looking at something i had never seen before which were neo nazi skinheads in america .
We've been reading about them in europe but in fact they're right here .
I was actually staying filming a particular group that had a compound in birmingham and it was run by an older man thirty six year old man and this was actually a home to a lot of the kids in the movement .
So most of the kids who i met had run away from home or had left their homes for some reason and were living with him there and had come from troubled childhoods .
They espoused a great deal of hate and a great deal of language that you have to wonder in their sixteen or seventeen years if they had had experiences firsthand that allowed them to say what they did .
Do they believe everything they say .
It feels like they do .
I mean they have an intensity about it .
I know they are very young and they're being guided by the skinhead movement has a very strong ideology that they're learning .
Shari let's take another look at a clip from your documentary .
When i see a swastika i get chill bumps on me because it represents the sum total of everything that i fight for and everything that eventually one day i'll die for .
It represents the struggle of my people to preserve itself in a world that's increasingly hostile to whites .
And more and more young people have found out that adolph hitler was right .
Chris <unk> do you agree with all of that .
Yes definitely i do sonya .
You agree with what .
Say it in your words .
Well i believe we're warriors today and we're fighting for a great cause which is the white race .
The white people don't have as much pride i think as black people or hispanics and i think we need something to unify ourselves and in the white power movement the national socialist movement i think that's a great way to unite our people .
Let me ask bob this .
What is the national socialist movement .
What does that mean and how does it differ from the way this country is governed .
National socialist movement i feel is a great adaptation of adolph hitler's productions everything he carried out in germany his economic system his way of governing his way of <unk> national pride in his countrymen and i think that's one thing that all americans us white americans that what we need to do is we need to organize ourselves together .
We need to unify ourselves and we need to let the government know that we have a voice .
Now chris let me ask you who aren't the people that you would include in this .
Well the people we wouldn't include in our organization are of course the drug users the white trash the rapists criminals just typical people .
We have values .
We have moral we have very strong values family oriented .
Right .
But what about the people who have been here for hundreds of years and also consider themselves americans .
Well that's fine .
America is for all people but the way i feel is that separately the races would work a lot better better production among different races in different parts of the country .
It's proven in europe .
Europe has worked as a great continent by having the white race separate from the rest of the world and it produced a lot .
In america the racial tension is boiling over and it's never shown that the races can work together .
Well bosnia hercegovina certainly wouldn't exclude the fact that whites can get into trouble with each other .
Chris how would you achieve the separation of the races .
Well i would say assigning separate parts of the country for the different races .
Who's going to do the assignment .
Well once our government is installed and .
How are you going to get it installed .
What about democratic process .
Well that's fine .
As soon as we open people's eyes and we express our views we never get a chance to speak .
As soon as we speak to the public to give us a chance to open their eyes a little bit then i think they'll understand .
And chris what is it that you think people don't already understand .
I mean how do you think people see you .
As kind benevolent caring americans trying to get this country to work more effectively for all .
Well through the media they don't see us as that of course because the media <unk> the bad side of everything is the way i feel .
They've never seen our organization the way we work .
I think we are kind and caring towards our families and our people and we're very hard workers .
We're all working class .
We're all in school .
Where do you go to school .
I'm working right now full time .
How much schooling have you had .
I graduated high school with a diploma .
Shari tell me a little bit about the people you're with .
I saw the entire documentary and pre screened it and i saw a lot of young men drunk all the time as i listen to bob and chris talk about drugs .
Alcohol is also a drug .
I saw a lot of people who did not appear to be working did not appear to have any goals .
Are there differences .
I mean are skinheads skinheads or are there .
I think there are differences i truly do .
And how do you see those .
I think from what i understood it's a very fragmented movement and each little group is unto itself .
The particular group that i studied i think because they had the leader and because they had this compound a lot of the kids weren't working and were frustrated by that felt that they couldn't get jobs and they were being discriminated against because they were white .
Chris let me ask you something .
Somebody might pose the question to you .
Is it truly that you can't get a job or that you're protecting jobs for whites in america or is it a fear that the people in your group have that you neither have the education the intellect or the competence to be able to compete in a way for jobs without a kind of white power movement .
Well i think it's very hard for white males to get a job especially skinheads because there's much prejudice against us .
I was lucky i got a real good job and i think it's very hard from people i've talked to in instances i've had that it's very hard for a white skinhead to get a job in society today because of the way we're portrayed and the stereotype of us but it's not true .
Now bob is it that you feel if there just weren't so many other people immigrants to this country and others then it would be easier for you to get a job so ship 'em out .
Well when you look at immigrants you just have to look at one of our biggest arguments is you have to look at a lot of the inner cities .
I mean you have to look predominantly white neighborhoods in our neighborhoods are clean there's no crimes and whether it's not specifically because of blacks or because of hispanics but if you go through a predominantly hispanic neighborhood or predominantly black neighborhood drugs are flourishing gangs are flourishing and whether it's a stereotype or not it's one thing that you have in those neighborhoods that you don't have in predominantly white neighborhoods that's growing crime .
So in your view being white and living in white areas would mean that there would not be crime and it is by the introduction of hispanics and blacks and others that there is crime .
O. k. .
Let's take a call .
We have perry on the line with us from new york .
Welcome .
Yes am i on the line .
You are .
Yes my name is perry and i'm calling from long island .
Both mr. <unk> and <unk> however you pronounce the last name i'm sorry i can't pronounce it properly both are of italian american descent am i correct .
Correct .
Yes .
Yes .
Do either of you know anything about the <unk> klux klan or or nazism that you claim to know so much about .
Yes we do .
Yes i think very educated yeah .
I'm not in the klan .
I don't know too much about the klan but i'd say i know enough about national socialism .
Perry what is it you really want to know .
Well they're <unk> that they know so much about the klan and nazism they don't know anything .
They would be the first people killed .
Well they may or may not be but frankly how long have your families been here in the states .
Mine i'm a first generation american .
First generation .
Bob .
I'm also my parents have been here for twenty years .
So if somebody started this thirty or forty years ago you wouldn't be here .
No but we're very lucky to have the european values very strong with our families very strong with the european values therefore i think we have a stronger family life than a lot of people .
I'll admit a lot of skinheads do come from broken homes but i think that makes them strong also .
Do either of you come from broken homes .
No not at all .
And are you married chris .
Yes i am .
Your wife your immediate family how do they respond to you .
I mean don't they sometimes look at you and say what are you doing .
They did and then i now they understand .
They don't support me totally but they respect me because i'm my own person and i believe strongly in my beliefs .
Let's go to louisiana now for a call from brian .
Welcome brian .
Hi .
I have a question .
You guys have been skinheads how long .
I've been a skinhead for seven years .
I've been six years .
Seven years .
Six years .
How come you guys don't go back to the way skinheads first started .
Well tell us about that .
O. k. .
Skinheads started in sixty nine in england and it had nothing to do with racism when it started .
No it had to do with working class .
It was a working class movement .
Let's let the caller go ahead .
Skinheads had nothing to do with racism .
What is your point caller .
And i was wondering how it changed into racism nowadays .
Now are you a skinhead .
Is that why you're calling .
Yeah i've been a skinhead for seven years .
And what does it mean to you .
Is it different from what i hear here .
Yeah it's way different from what you hear there .
Well tell me .
Well it has nothing to do with racism skinheads nowadays .
It was never about if you're black or white .
It was just hanging out and having a good time and it was a working middle class .
Shari says no that that's not your experience certainly .
Well i think there are different kinds of skinheads and chris may know more about this that there are anti racist skinheads that look like skinheads .
They shave their heads and have their tattoos but they're of a different persuasion .
One of the things i find interesting as we talk about the different types of people involved that in the united states and america one of the reasons that you can speak out and you can be here on the media is that we have something called the first amendment and you are privileged to have the opportunity to have your belief and to be who you are .
Don't you find it somewhat contradictory that you want to stop others from their beliefs their values and who they are bob .
We don't try to change people's minds .
We don't infringe on other people's rights .
We're just expressing our rights our views our rights under the constitution .
We express our views .
The majority of the time other people come to us such as people anti racist skinheads they confront us with the fact that we can't be nazis or nazism is wrong .
We're the ones that get infringed on our rights .
We don't go around telling people what to believe telling people that they're wrong for race mixing or .
So you're really a benevolent group and you are nonviolent is that correct .
Well we're nonviolent to a point where people are nonviolent with us .
We equal their terror with our own terror violence with violence .
You'd never throw the first punch .
No i never have .
But chris aren't you the lead singer in a group called final solution .
Yes i am that's correct .
That's a very interesting phrase .
What does that mean .
Final solution was a phrase that hitler used for the emigration and if not emigration then forced deportation of the jews out of his country .
It was never used as a stereotypical extermination of the jews .
It was never used that way .
There's no documentary of it .
You're going to tell me i hear coming that there was no holocaust that that is a <unk> of the imagination and a conspiracy by millions of people to <unk> others around the world is that right .
I don't believe in the holocaust .
I don't believe it ever happened .
I believe that there was many deaths but i think that was from starvation and you know being very close in the concentration camps and .
Voluntary starvation and voluntary concentration camp .
No well the reason germany went into war was because they were in a depression .
They barely had enough money to feed their own people and their own troops .
Of course they're going to feed their own people first .
They supplied the concentration camps with whatever food they could .
So this gets back bob then to the idea that if you can't compete legitimately then you have to find a way to compete <unk> so that you have the power may i ask you do you like the fact that you may be seen as feared and hated .
Well i think it needs to be that way .
I think that people need to know that we're a force here and that we're not going to back down and we're not the biggest political organization in the country but we're working towards it .
And shari what do you think that we can get out of watching this documentary .
I mean what are we going to hear that's different or more than what we've heard here today .
Well one of the main themes of my particular documentary is the kids and where they've come from and that when you offer them a sense of identity and a place to fit in and these are kids who in my film have had some abuse and some neglect then they're very prone to that kind of ideology .
I think that the human element of that comes out pretty strongly in the documentary .
And do you think that they're open minded that they are capable of being reached with another message and free to make up their minds about that .
I think it depends on the case and how entrenched they've become .
Some of the skinheads in my film committed a were charged with committing a murder so it's hard .
It's interesting that we have this as we follow the waco hearings which had to do a great deal with people seeing a particular view .
I thank all of you for being here .
There's much to learn for all of us .
And thank you for being with me today .
Tomorrow mercy killing .
Would doctors like to be allowed more freedom to let the patient's loved ones make the decision on death or do doctors think that they're the only ones qualified to make that decision .
Questions for tomorrow as i continue to ask why things are the way they are a look at our world from the inside out .
