After ten months of what pilots call boring holes in the sky u. s. air force f. <unk> patrolling bosnia's no fly zone got orders to shoot .
Through the flash .
The white flash on the pilot's heads up display is an <unk> radar guided missile that took down the first of four bosnian serb super <unk> fighter planes .
The confrontation is described by the f. sixteen pilot's wing man call sign zulu .
He visually <unk> six <unk> .
He observed them rolling in on the target dropping their bombs .
He saw the bombs hit the target .
He saw secondary explosions .
After he rolled off and got clearance to engage he engaged the first <unk> shooting at a medium altitude with an <unk> and then pressed in to shoot two other <unk> with a nine <unk> at extremely low altitude .
So all three immediately were destroyed and became a <unk> .
In the end four of the yugoslavia made <unk> <unk> fell prey to u. s. f. sixteen fighting <unk> .
As far as being fish in a barrel i guess it would be a matter of perspective like you could say the same thing about the people on the ground that they were dropping bombs on i suppose .
It wasn't much of a contest was there .
Well that's what your tax money goes for .
Nato commander admiral mike boorda said if the attack was a test of nato resolve in his words i think we passed the quiz .
Violations of the no fly zone like we saw today will simply not be tolerated and if we can engage we will engage and that's what we did .
The air drama over the former yugoslavia pushed the washington slash moscow spy tit for tat below the horizon as the former cold war capitals resumed a series of positive exchanges .
My information is we've had good communication back and forth about what the facts were and what happened .
The kremlin didn't blink in supporting the u. s. downing of four planes in the no fly zone above bosnia and u. s. ambassador thomas <unk> at the foreign ministry in moscow to protest the expulsion of a u. s. diplomat turned right around to fully brief his russian counterparts on the bosnian air attack by two u. s. jets .
At the state department meanwhile officials said the incident was having no repercussions on u. s. sponsored talks aimed at forming a loose confederation between bosnian muslims and croats .
Few of the warring parties in bosnia are signing on to a first step toward peace a federation of the croats and muslims in the former yugoslav republics .
The united states brokered the deal .
Secretary of state christopher was pleased .
This agreement shows how much can be accomplished even after bitter years of violence when the two sides sit down together and work as hard as these two sides have to reach an understanding .
The parties to the agreement were as well .
We hope and pray this is a first step towards peace .
We made a big step today .
There is nothing like the great moral leadership of the united states .
Today i'm convinced that we took the first step toward the establishment of peace in bosnia hercegovina and also for the protection of the lives of the people in bosnia hercegovina .
A senior clinton administration official cautioned however that the deal signed in washington would not stop the fighting as he put it from one day to the next and the official said a broader peace in bosnia still depends on getting the powerful serbs to join the negotiations and give up territory .
The bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic came to moscow looking for sympathy and support only to discover the russians are supporting an american effort to bring his mortal enemies the bosnian muslims and croats together in a political confederation and all karadzic could do was <unk> .
I don't think the united states of america could be possibly at the same time biased in the favor of muslims and impartial .
We need impartial people .
Even more galling to karadzic was the fact the russians working closely with the united states forced the bosnian serbs to open the airport at tuzla to humanitarian relief flights .
Holding the serbs' feet to the fire was deputy russian foreign minister <unk> <unk> .
It was an unusually heated debate that we were saying that it was the right thing to do for humanitarian and political reasons and that our presence the presence of our monitors would guaranty no military use of the airport and finally our arguments carried the day .
Are we now seeing a coordinated campaign among the great powers to bring peace to the balkans .
I sure hope so .
It is certainly our effort to coordinate our steps with the americans and with others and we hope that finally we'll come to a general understanding of where we are going and this understanding would certainly have to be coordinated and agreed upon with the three bosnian parties .
Most russian's sympathies in the bosnian crisis rest with their fellow <unk> the serbs but few here are eager to have a superpower confrontation over the balkans let alone shed russian blood there .
I don't really like the idea of russian troops staying there .
You know i am still afraid of stuff like that .
Nine years of war in afghanistan it was such a shame for this country .
So faced with public reluctance to plunge russia into a balkan war and unwelcome arm twisting from the russian government the bosnian serb leader went to a soccer match .
Radovan karadzic seeking out his political soul mate here vladimir zhirinovsky the russian ultra nationalist leader .
We'll fight till we bring prices down until people start living better .
Until then we'll continue to fight .
There will be no more political prisoners in this country .
