Hello .
I'm jeff levine .
The white house is still putting the finishing touches on the president's health care reform plan but the brain trust that developed much of the theory is known as the jackson hole group .
It's located in wyoming .
Now this influential organization is concerned the white house may be going the wrong way .
And the jackson hole message is hitting home at the highest levels .
Among the spectacular peaks surrounding jackson hole wyoming doctor paul ellwood is conducting down to earth discussions about health care reform and he's clearly worried .
It's very very important that whatever president clinton advocates is good right out of the box .
It's something that doesn't need to be changed when it gets over to congress .
Ellwood and economist allen <unk> developed the theory of managed competition over the last sixteen years .
The idea seeks to enhance <unk> buying power in the health care marketplace by grouping them together .
These groups could help slow the increase in medical costs by negotiating the best deals with doctors and hospitals .
President clinton endorsed the concept during the campaign and members of his health care task force suggest reforms along the managed competition line to make health care more economical and accessible .
But .
We are not purists or ideologues in the development of this proposal .
We're after something that works that draws on competition as appropriate and guarantees everybody access to affordable coverage .
Senator jay rockefeller is a strong supporter of the administration's health reform effort .
You integrate cost control with managed competition because unless you do it health care as a reformed system fails .
That upsets ellwood an opponent of cost control .
I won't support it because i think that we'll distort the way the system behaves that i want a health system that's committed to patients not committed to convincing the government that it needs more money .
Boy that horse really acted up .
Ellwood says the best way to ride herd on soaring health care costs is true competition but he rejects the charge his jackson hole group is only trying to rescue a bloated health care establishment .
Their key to profitability in the insurance companies has been to not insure that four percent let the other guy insure them .
The jackson hole group consists of some of the most powerful players in the health care industry and many conservative government leaders .
<unk> funding about six hundred thousand dollars this year comes from industry groups .
I think the one achievement of the jackson hole group was to take fat cats as you call them and make them committed to real reform .
Ellwood is called the father of the health maintenance organization concept .
H. m. o.s seek to make health care more efficient by emphasizing prevention and offering specialty treatment only as needed .
One hundred million americans now use some form of managed care .
If there is a place where the theory of managed competition was nurtured it is here .
This truly remarkable home belongs to doctor paul ellwood founder of the jackson hole group and a man with his own unique vision of health care reform .
<unk> living room with its soaring thirty foot <unk> beams and sweeping mountain vistas has been a stage for many high powered discussions .
But inside that room is a remarkable collection of people really pretty regular people .
Lots of them are business people all of them are consumers of health care .
Ellwood and many of his jackson hole disciples <unk> that president clinton's reform plan won't be managed competition but rather a government run system in disguise .
He got moved to the left there's no question about it .
The task force's health plan involves much more government than managed competition does much more in the way of taxes and much more in the way of the government telling people what they need .
I think paul is right to be concerned about that .
Barnard <unk> heads blue cross blue shield the nation's largest insurer .
He's also a jackson hole <unk> .
What you're trying to do is make a market work more effectively .
You're not trying to turn it into a government operated bureaucratic system .
The more liberal reformers among the democrats do advocate a bigger role for government and they say they'll swing hillary rodham clinton to their side .
I think that the plan that she outlined for us today is moved a long way away from what came down off the mountain in wyoming and it's called managed competition .
But whether he's up in the grand <unk> or visiting key lawmakers on capitol hill <unk> ideas get a good reception .
And these days he's trying to move the president back to what ellwood calls the center .
I'm not trying to stop the president's plan .
I'm trying to convince the president to come out with a plan that everybody can embrace .
But some say that ellwood and his jackson hole free market advocates will make it very difficult for the white house if they don't get their way .
Mrs. clinton is under fierce cross pressures unbelievable <unk> of self interest and power are coming at her with sort of bottom line demands if you don't do this don't count on our support .
<unk> capitol hill backers say they're disenchanted with the task force advising the president on health care reform .
Congressman cooper has his own alternative plan waiting in the wings .
But i don't think that their process ended up making anyone happy including the five hundred people who are on the task force .
I think there's a risk that you'll have something with a managed competition rhetoric and the single payer socialized system as the real basis .
And that would be a disaster .
In <unk> scheme consumers would be encouraged to join h. m. o.s based on information about their quality and performance .
Ironically the inventor of the h. m. o. concept is not himself a member .
There isn't an h. m. o. in wyoming but i'd go to it if we had one and if it provided good care .
In the meantime ellwood is hedging his bets .
If the federal government doesn't adopt his scheme he'll use his considerable political clout to try to get managed competition adopted state by state .
Still the man from jackson hole wants to bring his vision for reform to the entire nation which he believes will lead to better health .
That's what health care is all about .
It's not using it .
We got to eat right and get plenty of exercise and get out to places like this with our family and friends and feel loved .
<unk> critics <unk> he's been breathing the high mountain air for too long but from his jackson hole vista all seems possible .
Paul <unk> reach extends all the way to the white house .
