Three years ago hollywood supports was founded .
One of the goals of the organization is to promote aids and h. i. v. awareness in the entertainment industry and to fight aids discrimination in hollywood .
Gloria hillard takes a look at the progress .
In philadelphia tom hanks <unk> a gay man a lawyer who is fired from his job after his employer learns he has <unk> combating the true life stories of discrimination not only against gays but those infected with the h. i. v. virus in the entertainment industry was the basis of hollywood supports announced three years ago by industry heavyweights sid <unk> and barry diller .
One of the goals of the organization to conduct aids in the workshop seminars like this one held recently at m. c. a. slash universal .
This an equal opportunity disease .
The free ninety minute seminars are interactive .
If you were h. i. v. you definitely get aids .
No you don't .
We'll tell you why .
And include a short video like this one .
You know i'm definitely tired of her getting all the privileges around here .
I told you david .
Her doctor said she can't pull these long days all the time .
One of the facts delivered in the seminar is that the entertainment industry has three times more aids cases than any other industry .
And despite the fact this town has been awash in red ribbons for years hollywood supports has met resistance in scheduling the seminars .
Workshop facilitator david <unk> is a former cast director .
On a personal level i've been very disappointed because i've contacted quite of few of the agencies that i've had dealings with .
Every one of them said we'll think about it .
The only reason that i don't think we can name names is because given all the influential people on our board nobody would flat out say no you can't come .
They will put us off until kingdom come .
And as of today the three major networks a. b. c. c. b. s. and n. b. c. have not participated .
With our industry having three times the cases that any other industry has we're all working with somebody probably who's h. i. v. positive .
And there's so much fear in the workplace of it that we figure if we educate the population then that will reduce some of the fear .
The universal employees attending this workshop did so voluntarily .
I just thought just better education anything i could learn from it that would helpful .
And i did learn a lot today .
Hollywood supports stresses that it is in the best interest of companies to eliminate fears that could lead to disruption and discrimination in the workplace .
But based on the somewhat less than enthusiastic response on the part of some major companies they concede that even in hollywood <unk> major enemy is denial .
