U. s. secretary of state warren christopher has just taken questions from reporters about possible shifts in u. s. policy on bosnia .
C. n. n.'s state department correspondent steve hurst interviewed secretary christopher minutes ago and joins us now .
Steve is the united states changing its policy on bosnia again perhaps being ready to sweeten the pot to get the serb to back off their military operations .
Ralph there's no question that the united states is indeed trying to sweeten the pot .
But the secretary of state and all of his spokesman when they speak in public will have none of that saying that they're sticking to the old so called contact group peace plan which would divide the nation up fifty one percent for the bosnian government forty nine percent for the serbs who now control seventy percent of the country .
But in private all of his aids are saying just to the contrary and that is that the united states is now willing to entertain and this has been told to the serbs we are told some sort of confederation which would allow the bosnian serbs at some point to link up with serbia proper thereby opening the way for their dreams of a greater serbia .
But as i said the united states still doesn't want to talk about this in public perhaps waiting to get together in brussels later this week with nato allies before talking about it or perhaps just wanting to keep this under wraps not wanting to be seen to give in to the serbs at this point .
Instead mr. christopher said as we all know there is an attempt to get a cease fire in place around bihac the besieged city and beyond that a cease fire throughout bosnia .
He also said that in brussels later this week perhaps there would be some sort of talk about renewing contacts between all of the warring parties perhaps through an international conference .
The russians have been proposing that from their vantage point on the serbian side of this whole crisis .
So a lot of smoke and mirrors at this point but certainly behind the scenes a willingness by the united states and certainly in europe as well to sweeten the pot a bit to get the fighting dampened down .
Steve briefly are the u. s. officials with whom you've been speaking acknowledging the apparent impotence of the international organizations the u. n. nato the european union and coordination with the united states and now acknowledging that they simply have to go back to the serbs and essentially ask what they would accept in order to stop the fighting .
Well i don't think they want to put it what the serbs would accept but certainly the united states even mr. christopher just recently in this interview said he wished the international organizations had acted more quickly and he certainly wished that there hadn't been the disagreement within nato between the united states on one side and the british and the french on the other about whether to call in airstrikes to at least punish the serbs .
So certainly there is i think an acceptance now a public acceptance that the past efforts to bring the serbs to curb the serbs in have not worked and something else is going to have to be done .
And i think it's going to be on the diplomatic front .
And probably you're going to see a de facto caving in to the serbs at this point .
Thanks very much .
