Not every first time filmmaker is as persuasive as vermont's jay craven .
He and his wife managed to raise nearly two million dollars mostly from their new england neighbors to finance a period movie called where the rivers flow north .
The story about a reclusive logger and his native american girlfriend can hardly be called commercial .
But that didn't keep him from attracting a cast that includes rip torn michael j. fox treat williams and the governor of vermont .
The film has been playing to sell out crowds in new england and this weekend it opened in new york city .
Critic bob mondello spoke to the director and to his leading lady actress <unk> cardinal about the film .
Where the rivers flow north open with a <unk> beautiful shot of a boat drifting on a <unk> waterway between vermont pine <unk> that will soon be fifty feet under water .
The year is nineteen twenty seven and one man stands between the trees and the power company's <unk> dam .
His name is noel lord and as played by rip torn he's a rugged logger who barely speaks except to bangor his equally rugged native american girlfriend who always refers to herself in the third person .
Ain't <unk> dam going flood us out anyway .
I ain't gonna be bribed or forced off this land for any reason .
I got my own idea .
<unk> idea if you ask her .
Well you'll hear my idea when i'm done thinking on it .
You might be included in it .
You might not .
She curious that's all .
The more you <unk> me about it the more inclined i am to think you might not .
The story of noel and bangor is a familiar one in vermont from the nineteen seventy eight novel by local author howard frank <unk> and now from the remarkably polished movie that forty two year old arts promoter jay craven and his wife <unk> o'brien have convinced much of the state's populace to co produce with them .
From all reports the making of this movie in a sparsely populated area of vermont known as the northeast kingdom was a community effort .
Local residents <unk> up cash antique cars and period props .
The volunteer fire department made rain and practically everyone from the governor on down appeared as extra .
It was all that we knew how to do .
Vermont director jay craven .
Given that i had spent sixteen years as a community arts activist producing and presenting music theater dance film i turned to that base that had been developed and very fortunately people loved the story .
They knew howard <unk> other writing as well and they looked at what i'd done over the years and felt that it was worth a shot .
And the idea of a vermont cinema or a new england cinema that we were putting forward people responded .
Among the people responding either by buying six thousand dollars shares in the film or by serving in some advisory capacity were what craven refers to as part time vermonters including some very famous names who own homes in the state .
We first appealed to treat williams and michael j. fox to join the advisory board which they very kindly did .
And as i know from my years in non profit fund raising you start with questions that is easy to get a yes answer and as people become more involved and you introduce them to more of what you are doing they consider a deeper involvement .
And that's exactly what happened .
Both williams and fox offered to play bit parts for a fraction of their usual salaries .
Neither is on screen for more than a couple of minutes but fox's appearance led to the film's biggest fund raising break .
On the strength of his name the international rights sold for half a million dollars .
With the budget shored up craven was free to concentrate on artistic considerations among which the trickiest was the casting of his leading lady .
From the beginning i felt that casting bangor with a native american actress was a priority but that unfortunately there weren't many native actresses who had much experience in being able to carry a full length feature film role because there just haven't been those roles .
And we auditioned some native women in new york and had had contact with other organizations .
When i saw dances with wolves and the flash of spirited anger and resilience in <unk> character as the wife of kicking bird the graham <unk> character i said to my wife and partner <unk> there she is .
And very fortunately she responded to the character .
Watch out you're drunk .
Here she comes .
She was so different from a lot of the characters that i've had the opportunity to play .
Actress <unk> cardinal .
In the sense that she had no family no community no spiritual base and apparently you know no big deep philosophy about this or that .
You know it's just going through life one moment at a time and there you go and there she went you know .
This is not it should be noted <unk> .
<unk> cardinal is a long time fiercely committed activist in native american affairs both here and in canada where she grew up .
Ask her what first inspired her as a child to go into acting and she says rage at the way her people and treated and a desire to communicate the truth of who they are .
She recognized that truth in bangor .
I loved her because she reminded me of people who had been part of my growing up up in northern alberta .
She i responded to her presence her humor her independence and her intelligence .
Those are not qualities often asked of native american actresses unfortunately .
In the canadian movie black robe cardinal played a woman who was most memorable for getting shot through the neck with an arrow .
The role of bangor is such a refreshing change that to play her cardinal was willing to pass up a part in a canadian t. v. series .
That decision may well pay off .
The new york times says <unk> that her portrayal of bangor is blunt tough and has a <unk> rarely seen on screen .
But cardinal has not illusions about this role leading to stardom no matter how successful the movie is .
I wasn't born into the formula of what makes money in a movie so my path has been different and i've had to find my path and hack and hew and to find out what it is .
And i'm very pleased with what it is and how difficult it is as well .
<unk> cardinal featured actress in jay <unk> where the rivers flow north .
Craven is now taking the film to areas where the rivers flow in other directions and doing it the hard way without a national distributor .
In the next few weeks his company will be courting grass roots audiences in philadelphia washington d. c. portland oregon seattle washington san francisco and los angeles .
His home base will still be in vermont however and shortly he'll have a new neighbor .
His leading lady was so taken with the splendor of the northeast kingdom she's buying a home there .
I'm bob mondello .
