The clinton administration has today tried to tighten the screws a little more on the military leaders in haiti .
The u. s. ambassador to the united nations madeleine albright is about to circulate a resolution designed to provide international approval for military intervention but once again there has been no deadline hinted at and because there is no deadline haiti's military leaders do not appear to be convinced of mr. clinton's convictions .
In haiti a. b. c.'s linda pattillo .
Haiti's military commanders are so complacent they recently told several of their wealthy supporters that an invasion will never happen .
Today's proposed u. n. resolution doesn't seem to have changed that view .
This resolution will have the same effect as the embargo .
We're still here and in some ways we're stronger than before .
The military may not be feeling the strain of international sanctions but everyone else is .
When word spread through a port au prince slum that a relief group would distribute rice beans and milk ten thousand people showed up .
They refused to leave even when police beat those waiting in line .
One out of seven people here now depends on private relief groups like this feeding center to eat .
If it wasn't for this place my baby would die .
I have no money .
My work closed down .
This is the only place i can get food for my baby .
The military blames the international embargo for suffering here but it was the army backed government that kept a u. n. sponsored tanker waiting two days for permission to unload much needed fuel for relief groups .
Another reason for haiti's military leaders to feel confident local radio broadcasts report today that the military backed government has released stacks of new money from the country's reserves .
Much of that money is expected to go toward meeting the army's payroll in the months to come .
Linda pattillo a. b. c. news port au prince .
Overseas in bosnia the serbs have said no again .
They have rejected the plan for land redistribution that the u. s. russia and the western europeans had agreed was fair and the muslims and the croats had accepted .
The bosnian serbs who have conquered seventy percent of bosnia are being asked to accept only forty nine percent of the land .
The rest would be returned to bosnia's muslims and croats .
The u. s. and its allies will meet next week to consider tougher sanctions against the bosnian serbs' patron neighboring serbia because the deal has been rejected .
In sarajevo today u. n. peacekeepers from france and ukraine were caught in a crossfire between the serbs and bosnian government troops .
None of the u. n. troops were wounded .
A mile away at the sarajevo airport relief flights have been suspended after three planes including a u. s. air force cargo plane were hit by bullets .
