Okay it is time to hear from you .
If the election were held now who would you vote for and why .
Let's go to your phone calls and try to get to as many phone calls as possible so please keep your comments brief .
Let's go to our first call in wisconsin .
Hello .
Hi .
Hi .
I would vote for clinton right now .
Okay why .
Because he the least offensive of the ones i wish there was somebody out there to vote for .
Okay we thank you for your call .
Let's go to our next call in indiana .
Hello .
Hi brian .
To that woman there is somebody to vote for .
I'm voting for ross perot .
Okay why .
The man if you haven't read his book you should the man has his book in which he details a comprehensive economic recovery program .
That book can easily fix the economy in this country it details what needs to be done .
Let me ask you a question .
You know a lot of people are saying if you vote for perot you're wasting your ballot because he can't win .
No that's not true he's not a spoiler either .
When george bush or bill clinton were behind ross in the polls no one called them <unk> .
Just because he's not a member of the two party system which our constitution doesn't dictate there should be they've set the system up so there are rules that prohibit third parties .
Just because he's not leading in the polls now does not mean he's a spoiler .
He can win .
Thank you for your call .
We're going to look at the polls in just a second .
We'll show you the latest poll we'll take a few more phone calls first .
Let's go to our next call in california .
Hello .
Glendale california .
First of all i would not vote for bush because he's a hypocrite and a liar .
I would not vote for perot because he is an <unk> and he's trying to buy the white house .
I will vote for clinton because he seems the most honest of the three even with his problems with the draft .
Do you see him as a <unk> of three evils .
No not really .
I think he's got a new message but he's been dogged by this thing about the draft .
Okay we thank you for your call .
Let's go to our next call please .
Where are you calling from .
Cheyenne wyoming .
Okay wyoming .
Go ahead .
Hi this is john stark from wyoming .
I think that i will be voting for bill clinton this year .
Why .
Simply because it seems like he's the type that has struggled all of his life to get where he is today and he's more down to earth .
He knows more about where everybody else in this country really is whereas the other two candidates seem to have everything that they need in life .
Okay we thank you for your comment .
Thank you very much .
Bill clinton and george bush both have distinct plans to jump start the economy .
Perot has yet to offer specifics but we're waiting .
Of course the debates are not far away .
Let's go to our next call in illinois .
Hello .
Hi i've got to support george bush .
I just think his foreign trade policy is much better than clinton could ever come up with something like that .
I just don't see how clinton could come up with as good a foreign trade policy as bush is .
Okay .
A lot of people out of work in illinois and that's affecting a lot of folks there .
We appreciate your call .
Let's go to our next call .
Hello where are you calling from .
I'm calling from vero beach florida .
Okay go ahead .
Ross perot never said he was going to run back in the spring and summer but when he said he would run i'll tell you i cried .
He did say if you put him on the ballot in fifty states he'd run .
He's a man of his word .
He's going to run i'm going to vote for him and brian it's not fair .
It's not just a two party race it's not a three party race we have the libertarians we can't forget those people .
And to the lady from california washington d. c. is bought and paid for .
Ross perot is the only man that's not bought and paid for so i'm going to vote for him .
It seems like the issues are very clouded .
Everyone has a different opinion and their opinions are just to a certain extent .
Don't you believe that .
I do and i think that when <unk> campaign gets rolling i think more people are going to come back to him .
I think he's the only one who's really clear on the issues .
Did it really upset you when he got out of the race .
Well you know it did .
That evening though when i heard him say why he did it i accepted it .
I believe he's a man of his word .
But did you think he had something cooking in the back of his mind .
Did you think well yeah i think he's going to get back in later on .
I always believed he would and i'm the kind of person that digs deep into things like that and i'm a skeptical person .
But i really think he couldn't stand the way george bush especially the republicans were putting him down .
Like the way he wrote bush a memo saying that he found someone was investigating one of his boys .
Then george bush is talking to barbara walters on t. v. saying i don't know about that ross perot .
It's stuff like that .
I don't think ross perot has to take that kind of thing .
Okay we appreciate your call .
Let's go to our next call in california .
Hello .
Hello .
Yes go ahead .
Yes i'm for george bush i'm sorry for bill clinton bill clinton .
I'm not for perot i don't trust him and bush i have two jobs now and i still cannot make ends meet .
What part of california are you from .
Los angeles .
Yes and you must see a lot of people out of work there a lot of frustrations with the economy .
A lot of them .
A lot of homeless people a lot of frustrated people and i'm one of them .
Okay we thank you for your call .
You know some recent polls have shown president bush behind bill clinton but candidate bush will like this particular poll .
It's the presidential bean pole at the <unk> inn hotel in brunswick georgia .
A jar for each of the three candidates sits in the lobby .
Guests are casting their votes by dropping a pinto bean into the bottle designated for the man of their choice and so far bush is in the lead clinton is a close second ross perot is third .
We're going to take a break .
