A. b. c. news special report .
Now reporting peter jennings .
Good morning .
We interrupt our regular broadcast today because there's a chance for all of us this morning to witness history .
Today in washington israel and jordan are going to formally end the state of war between them which has lasted for almost fifty years .
For the first time there on the south lawn of the white house today jordan's king hussein and israel's prime minister yitzhak rabin who have spent so much of their adult lives fighting one another are going to meet publicly and agree to work on a formal peace agreement .
This is a real turning point for jordanians and palestinians and israelis and it's going to be an enormous relief to the united states .
That's mrs. clinton and queen <unk> of jordan the american born queen of jordan .
King hussein's wife .
President clinton today will get all sorts of credit for facilitating this .
This is mrs. rabin of course on mrs. clinton's right as well .
<unk> rabin very familiar to washington a time when her husband served her .
One american administration after another has spent money and time and energy and passion trying to facilitate peace between these numbers .
Finally under the pressure of a rapidly changing world and with american assistance they have done it themselves .
Ladies and gentlemen the president of the united states his majesty king hussein i of the <unk> kingdom of jordan and the prime minister of israel mr. yitzhak rabin .
Not long ago we saw mr. rabin there on the right come out and shake hands somewhat reluctantly with the p. l. o. chairman yasir arafat a peace of sorts with the palestinian liberation organization that facilitated in some respects this agreement with king hussein there on his left .
They've already met publicly once this morning .
They spoken together at a white house ceremony .
President clinton called it a morning of promise .
King hussein who remembered his grandfather who had tried to make some kind of peace with the israelis more than forty years ago and was shot by a palestinian extremist for his troubles .
He recalled his grandfather and called it a day of hope and vision and prime minister rabin said the entire state of israel was shaking his hand in king hussein .
Please be seated .
Your <unk> prime minister and mrs. rabin distinguished guests today we gather to bear witness to history .
As this century draws to a close a new era of peace opens before us in ancient lands as brave men choose reconciliation over conflict .
Today our faith is renewed .
As we write a new chapter in the march of hope over despair on these grounds and at this historic table we remember the courage of anwar sadat and <unk> begin and the leadership of president carter at camp david fifteen years ago the efforts of president bush to bring israel and her neighbors together in madrid two years ago and that shining september day last year when prime minister rabin and chairman arafat declared that their two peoples would fight no more .
Today in that same spirit king hussein and prime minister rabin will sign the washington declaration .
After generations of hostility blood and tears the leaders of the <unk> kingdom of jordan and the state of israel will solemnly declare with the world as their witness that they have ended the state of <unk> between them .
From this day forward they pledge to settle their differences by peaceful means .
Both countries will refrain from actions that may adversely affect the security of the other and will thwart all those who would use terrorism to threaten either side .
The washington declaration is the product of much hard work .
Less than a year ago crown prince hassan of jordan and foreign minister peres of israel met here publicly for the first time .
Together with the wise counsel and persistent energy of the secretary of state warren christopher israel and jordan israel and jordan have pursued peace and we are all in their debt .
It takes but a minute or two to cross the river jordan but for as long as most of us can remember the distance has seemed immense .
The awful power of ancient arguments and the raw wounds of recent wars have left generations of israelis jordanians and palestinians unable to imagine much less build a life of peace and security .
Today king hussein and prime minister rabin give their people a new currency of hope and the chance to prosper in a region of peace .
Under the washington declaration jordan and israel have agreed to continue vigorous negotiations to produce a treaty of peace based on security council resolutions two hundred forty two and three hundred thirty eight .
King hussein and prime minister rabin will meet as often as necessary to shepherd and personally direct those negotiations .
Their objective is a just lasting and comprehensive peace between israel and all its neighbors a peace in which each acknowledges and respects the territorial integrity and political independence of all others and their right to live in peace within secure and recognized boundaries .
In the meantime jordan and israel have decided to take immediate steps to normalize relations and resolve disputes in areas of common concern .
They have agreed to survey the international border based on the work of their boundary <unk> .
They have resolved that negotiations on water resources should aim to establish the rightful <unk> between the two sides of the waters of the jordan and <unk> rivers .
They have determined that their police forces will cooperate in combating crime with a special emphasis on drug smuggling .
They have set up as their joint purpose the abolition of all economic boycotts and the establishment of a bilateral economic cooperation .
And as of today jordan and israel have agreed to take the first practical steps to draw their people together and to let the peoples of the world share in the wonders of their lands .
They will establish direct telephone links connect their two nations' electricity grids open two border crossings between their nations including one at <unk> and <unk> and another in the north accelerate the negotiations aimed at opening an international air corridor between the two countries and give free access to third country tourists traveling between their two nations .
These are the building blocks of a modern peace in ancient holy lands .
Your majesty at our first meeting you wrote me a after our first meeting you wrote me a heartfelt letter in which you referred to your revered grandfather king abdullah .
You told me that his <unk> assassination at the entrance to <unk> al <unk> mosque had come at a time when he was intent on making peace with israel .
Had he completed his mission you said to me your region would have been spared four decades of war .
Today forty three years later <unk> grandson has fulfilled his legacy .
And in the declaration you will sign your role as guardian of <unk> <unk> holy sites al <unk> among them has been preserved and israel has agreed to accord a high priority to jordan's historic role regarding these holy sites in final status negotiations .
Prime minister when you first visited me in the white house you spoke eloquently of your soldier's life defending and guiding your nation through four bloody decades of struggling to survive .
You told me your people had had enough bloodshed that this was time to make peace .
Ten months ago you stood on this same lawn and shook the hand of yasir arafat the leader of the palestinian people .
Today you stand together with king hussein descendant of the prophet mohammed to declare that jordan and israel have ended their conflict .
In holding out to your people the hope of a normal secure life you sir have fulfilled the mission of your life and of all those who have fought by your side for so long .
Now as we go forward we must guard against illusions .
Dark forces of hatred and violence still stalk your lands .
We must not let them succeed .
King hussein prime minister rabin as you and your people embark on this journey of peace we know the road will not be easy .
Just as we have supported you in coming this far the united states will walk the final miles with you .
We must all go on until we ensure that the peace you are seeking prevails in the holy land and extends to all israel's arab neighbors .
Our common objective of a comprehensive peace must be achieved .
Now as we witness the signing of this declaration and applaud the bravery of these men let us remember that peace is much more than a pledge to abide by words on a page .
It is a bold attempt to write a new history .
Guided by the blessings of god let us now go forward and give life to this declaration for if we follow its course we will truly achieve a peace of the generations .
Thank you very much .
Yitzhak rabin seventy two king hussein fifty eight .
And as they prepare to sign this agreement i want to introduce very quickly here one of our guests this morning ambassador nicholas <unk> former ambassador to jordan served a long time in israel and egypt and our own middle east analyst judith <unk> .
Ambassador <unk> did you ever think you'd see this day .
You know i'm really quite overwhelmed watching this ceremony .
I'd hoped i'd see the day but obviously there were times when i doubted it .
Judith <unk> president clinton talks a little bit about the long history of the king and his grandfather here .
Yitzhak rabin is a different man today than he was twenty years ago .
Yes i think so .
Yitzhak rabin after all has had a military career he was in the army the chief of staff and he is somebody who is very linear .
In the recent years i think he has suddenly found another side of himself that really sees the human side of this problem .
His face is softer the way he looks at king hussein and by the way i think king hussein is really literally smiling ear to ear .
I spoke to him the other day and he was on top of the world in a really good mood so i think these two historic leaders who were there at the founding of their country have really achieved something .
You know peter the president paid tribute to all of the presidents and other administrations who worked for this and i think it should be a source of pride for all americans that this is a triumph of american policy .
Since nineteen sixty seven our position has been land for peace that was the security council resolution two hundred forty two which we sponsored and we insisted that the arabs in direct negotiations with the israelis would be able to determine how much land they get back for how much peace they give so we should be very proud .
Well certainly the history of the united states between these two nations has been intensely significant there is a handshake between the president and the two participants .
As warm as it is mr. rabin i think has probably said the most important thing about handshakes today .
He pointed out in earlier remarks that this was a common gesture in so much of the world and while this was a subject of endless fascination the king's wife and prime minister rabin's wife while this was a subject of endless fascinating for still photographers and television cameras the whole state of israel he said was shaking hand with the king and look forward to the day when it was a normal daily practice in the middle east .
The king .
President clinton prime minister yitzhak rabin ladies and gentlemen and so it is that on this day at this house of the great american people we have been able to take a historic step which we hope and pray will be to the benefit of our peoples within our entire region jordanians israelis and others .
This is the moment of a commitment and of a vision .
Not all of what is possible is within the document we have just ratified but a modest determined beginning to bring to our region and our peoples the security from fear which i must admit has prevailed over all the years of our lives the uncertainty of every day as to how it might end the suspicion the bitterness the lack of human contact .
We are on our way now truly towards what is normal in relations between our peoples and ourselves and what is worthy .
We will meet as often as we are able to and as required with pleasure to shepherd this process on in the times ahead .
At this moment i would like to share with you all the pride i have in my people the people of jordan and their maturity and their courage and in what i have been blessed with their trust and confidence and i believe the commitment of the overwhelming majority to the cause of peace .
The term used in international documents as they affected us so far is the state of <unk> and the end of the state of <unk> .
I think both in arabic and in hebrew our people do not have such a term .
But we have accomplished and what we are committed to is the end of the state of war between jordan and israel .
Thank you so very much indeed mr. president for all your kindness .
Thank you prime minister .
Thank you all our dear friends .
A warm thanks to the american people our partners in the past in the present and in the future .
God bless you and bless our march for the future and towards the future of peace in our region .
Thank you .
A modest beginning the king calls it .
There is certainly much to be done land and water to be negotiated .
The status of jerusalem .
Prime minister rabin .
The president of the united states his majesty king hussein of kingdom of jordan friends ladies and gentlemen i'll start by the hebrew word shalom .
Millions of eyes all over the world are watching us now with great relief and great joy yet another nightmare of war may be over .
At the same time million of eyes in the middle east are looking at us now with great heartfelt hope that our children and grandchildren will know no more war .
Ladies and gentlemen today we submit to our respective people a wonderful present .
The declaration we have signed just now here in washington is the closest thing to a treaty of peace .
We have gone here a long way towards a full treaty of peace and even though our work has not yet ended it is my hope and belief that not long from today we shall return to signing a final and a permanent treaty of peace .
Mr. president your majesty it is dusk at our homes in the middle east .
Soon darkness will prevail .
But the citizens of israel and jordan will see a great light .
We have today taken a major step on the road to peace .
We in jordan have chosen to speak to each other rather than to continue the state of war .
From here in the distance of thousands of miles from home i would like to congratulate today the inhabitants of israel and of jordan to remember the fallen in the wars on both sides and to tell children on both sides of the border we hope and pray that your life will be different than ours .
I believe that we are a small country with a big heart .
We are aware of world <unk> and suffering of human beings anywhere .
At this hour when we are celebrating here in washington israeli defense soldiers and medical unit are trying to save the lives of thousands if not more of people on the verge of death in rwanda .
But at the very same time israeli soldiers a rescue team in buenos aires on the invitation of of their <unk> government are <unk> to rescue the lives or bodies of those who were attacked killed and disappeared bodies of their own brothers as well as of the other human beings from building destroyed by vicious terrorists .
This terrible crime was committed against jews just because they were jews .
The israeli rescue soldiers in rwanda as well as those in argentina together with their comrades in arms defending us at home are the same side of the same coin .
Mr. president your majesty there is much more in the washington declaration than parties were planning when they decided to prepare this declaration ten days ago .
It bears witness to our ability in israel and jordan to accelerate our efforts towards peace to overcome obstacles to achieve a breakthrough and to put an end to forty six years of hostility .
Mr. president thank you .
Thank you for all you have done for us and for what you will do .
We embark we embark on a road which must still be completed and i am appealing to the united states the leader of peace efforts in the middle east to assist those those countries those peoples who demonstrate courage and who take risks risks for peace because it is a worthwhile goal .
The political achievement presented today to the public here in washington are part of a whole agenda that must still be clarified in serious deliberations ahead of us from the difficult subjects of boundaries and water to trade and economic relations on which peace in our region will be based and of course security and diplomatic relations .
Our duty starting today is to turn the articles written on the paper into a living reality .
This fine job could not have been completed without your leadership and determination in the middle east peacemaking .
You have already established your place in our history an honorable place and thank you .
Our heartfelt gratitude our heartfelt gratitude goes also to secretary of state warren christopher and his peace team who <unk> seek peace and to generations of former u. s. administration members who have for years searched for bridge between israel jordan and the other arab peoples .
Your excellency the president of the united states your majesty the king of jordan let me say a few words in hebrew to the citizens of israel who are watching us now .
Thank you very much .
Well you can certainly imagine given the spirit of the moment what the prime minister said in hebrew to the people back home .
As he said to us in english it's dusk now in the middle east where these two countries share a longer border than with any of other of israel's neighbors and it may be dusk there now but prime minister rabin said the people of jordan and the people of israel must see a great light .
He said there's a great deal to be done after this very enthusiastic encounter with one another here in washington today .
Water and land are the essential ingredients of success and failure in the middle east as we said and the status of jerusalem has to be negotiated and there are many thousands of palestinians who either fled or were driven from their homes in the forty eight and sixty seven wars .
Their future settlement is an issue .
And because more than fifty percent of the jordanian population is palestinian there is going to be a delicate road for king hussein to walk at home in what is surely the most democratic country in the arab world .
Judith <unk> our resident middle east analyst how tough do you think it's going to be .
I think it will be much smoother than we anticipate .
Obviously the next step is some kind of breakthrough with syria between syria and israel but if we look at the region all the arab countries are in touch with israel either in bilateral talks with signed agreements or with working relationship .
The only ones that have no contact with israel are iraq and libya which are under sanctions and yemen algeria sudan which are suffering from terrible internal crises so <unk> normalization has moved dramatically in these last two years .
I think the process is moving very very well and king hussein has after all been behind it for fifty years .
Mr. <unk> have these two ever met before .
I know that king hussein has met secretly with various israeli leaders over the years including the man who gets a vast amount of credit for today the israeli foreign minister shimon peres but have these two ever met before .
Yes i believe they have met before and over quite a period of time .
The issue of what the prospects are i think you have to break it down into several points .
One is the problems of the palestinians and the all of them including repatriation to the extent that'll take place that will result in trilateral negotiations .
As far as the bilateral relationship i was truly amazed at the scope of the announcements that we heard today .
This is a really a peace treaty in all but name .
The issue isn't when they sign it .
The issue is to implement these provisions and i have every confidence these provisions will be implemented .
We're also joined this morning by our national security correspondent john mcwethy .
John the king said and the prime minister said that the united states has done much it is going to be asked to do much more .
What's the u. s. going to do to make this all better for these two nations .
Peter the united states is going to be working very hard to provide as much negotiating stability all sorts of economic incentives if that in fact can be negotiated .
But they're going to be the steady hand in all of this encouraging the syrians not to stay out in left field where they now are trying to bring them in along with the other arab neighbors of israel .
O. k. and cokie roberts our political correspondent in washington is also with us this morning .
Cokie one question for you .
How much credit does bill clinton get for this and how much will he get do you think for the american people at a time when he could use some .
He certainly can and particularly on foreign policy matters peter .
This certainly helps for him to have once again be at the white house to have this scene .
Tomorrow these leaders will come here to capitol hill and it will be an american foreign policy success .
The problem is is that every time he has one he seems to have another problem some place else in the world and of course right now with the disaster in rwanda and the problems in haiti it will be hard to for him to keep this one on the front burner .
O. k. thank you very much .
As we continue to look at the south lawn of the white house here just one final comment on this before we move locations geographically .
It can really be said that this is about destiny .
You heard references this morning to king hussein's grandfather who first considered peace with the israelis in the early part of the century who wrote a letter back in nineteen nineteen i think to think supreme court justice felix <unk> and said that arabs and jews are cousins in race .
They've suffered at the hands of greater powers and that neither one can be a success without the other .
It has been thus throughout this century and now perhaps this generation and as prime minister rabin said subsequent generations of arabs and jews could begin to benefit from the best in each other rather than confront one another .
We are now going to change location .
As we leave the south lawn of the white house having watched as i said at the outset history in the making we're going to move to los angeles where this morning the o. j. simpson trial is going into another phase .
