There's a new art exhibit in new york city that you won't find indoors .
It's art that will one day be eaten and can be only properly seen from the air .
The story from c. n. n.'s jeanne moos .
There's something strange sprouting on a one acre lot on manhattan's west side .
People in <unk> overlooking the site were left hanging .
We all puzzled here having our <unk> on the porch thinking what could this possibly be .
After all new yorkers don't farm .
Why in new york the word hoe is slang for prostitute .
I think i'll create a little bit .
Stan herd specializes in crop art .
You usually see his creations out in the rolling fields of the midwest or in his book .
Well now this kansas boy has come to manhattan .
Herd convinced donald trump to loan him a lot and this summer he's been planting crops that tend to grow on you .
This image has been haunting me and i just had to get it on the ground someplace .
It is slowly coming along though at first instead of tree ginny <unk> thought she was looking at a map of the world .
We sort of thought it was italy .
We thought that part of the tree was italy .
The image consists mostly of squash and watermelon and soybeans .
There are wood chips worked in as well as marble chips .
Herd has a full time assistant working on the piece as well as a couple of homeless men who live nearby .
This guy calls himself lone wolf .
I come everyday because you know these plants need attention .
This is really this is one big garden .
The trickiest part is checking your work .
After all you can't just step back .
Especially when it reaches this stage i like to see it from straight up .
That means a ride in a helicopter .
Keeps your eyes peeled the next time you fly over manhattan for a bird's eye view .
Herd is keeping an eye out for new york wildlife .
Rats .
I don't know .
Somebody told me that they'll come and eat that stuff .
The field started like this .
A month or so later it looks like this .
Highway construction crews working nearby give herd advice and tease the country boy .
I want to know if he's clicking his heels to get back to kansas .
And even balcony observers offer their advice .
Why not have all flowers .
<unk> every move is scrutinized .
He's not as good at the little <unk> thing .
This one acre piece is <unk> smallest work .
Out in the midwest they grow as big as one hundred sixty acres .
So have you ever had the field altered or vandalized or changed in any way .
I haven't had that happen yet to my knowledge .
Wanna bet .
