Reforming the country's welfare system is another top priority for the clinton administration .
Like health care reform calls for welfare reform are driven in part by the need to save money and balance the federal budget .
At the state level more than a dozen legislatures are now considering trimming benefits to the needy to help balance their budgets .
In maine the governor has proposed a controversial step .
He's advocating the elimination of the state funded general assistance program that provides aid to poor residents .
Maine public radio's andrea <unk> reports .
More than eight thousand maine residents rely on general assistance to pay their rent heat their homes and buy food clothing and other essentials .
But the state of maine faces a one billion dollar shortfall in its three billion dollar budget over the next two years and governor john <unk> says maine must learn to live within its means .
Obviously one of the things that we need to do is to make maine a more attractive place to create jobs and that's one of the reasons we're making these difficult spending decisions is that we want to try to get the spending under control so that we don't have to raise taxes which is counterproductive to creating jobs .
And there may have to be some short term pain in order to put maine back in a competitive position to attract the jobs that will be created as the economy expands .
No no .
That's a no no is right .
Cheryl murphy of portland can relate to the state's budget woes because the elimination of general assistance will blow a two hundred dollar hole in her four hundred ninety dollar monthly budget .
She's still trying to figure out how she and her son will get by .
I won't have diapers .
I mean my rent will be all i'll have .
I won't have electricity diapers nothing else .
Just rent .
The governor says the only way to save general assistance is to raise taxes but with high property taxes and a variety of business fees maine already has some of the highest taxes in the nation .
The state has also been hit hard by the recession .
Hundreds of businesses have closed and about thirty five thousand people have lost their jobs .
Jack <unk> of the maine chamber of commerce and industry .
And the only way we can solve our economic problems is to essentially re create those jobs .
We're not going to be able to do that unless we address the cost of doing business in maine and that's what the governor's done by proposing a budget that we can live with .
But <unk> stops short of endorsing the governor's plan to eliminate general assistance saying he hopes there's a way to keep helping the poor without raising taxes .
Advocates for the indigent say eliminating general assistance will actually hurt the state's economy .
Christopher saint john works with pine tree legal assistance which serves <unk> low income residents .
He claims social services contribute to a strong business climate .
One of the reasons that portland is so attractive as a livable city and is written up in magazines all over the country is precisely because portland has a social service network that takes care of people so that there are not tent cities and cardboard houses on median strips and the things that we see in other cities .
Maine is not the first state to consider elimination of general assistance .
Michigan replaced its program with a smaller service for the elderly and disabled in nineteen ninety one cutting off benefits to more than eighty thousand people .
Studies of the so called michigan experiment report massive <unk> within a few months of the change .
Only eight percent of the people who lost their benefits have found jobs since the experiment began .
Welfare expert willard <unk> of temple university predicts similar results in maine .
He says landlords grocery stores and other small businesses will also be hurt .
They're on welfare too .
They don't realize it .
Those businesses that rely on marginal you know low income workers and the unemployed are going to feel this .
<unk> says every dollar of welfare generates two dollars worth of economic activity in the community .
Maine lawmakers will decide in the next few months whether to go along with governor <unk> plan to eliminate general assistance .
If the cut is approved the eight thousand people who rely on the program will have until july first to find a new way to make ends meet .
