This week we've shown you the beauty and the fury of volcanoes .
By now you know they are among the most destructive forces nature can unleash .
But not all volcanoes are alike and they don't form all in one area .
This map points out just a handful of the volcanoes on this earth and the ones on which we're focusing .
When they blow their stack it can be spectacular underwater or above sea level .
But it can also be disastrous .
Take the <unk> mountain .
Pinatubo last summer which spewed ash hundreds of feet into the air and sent lava racing toward communities and u. s. military bases on the island .
Most of that property is now buried underneath lava .
But many lives were saved because most of the people had been evacuated before the eruption .
Some volcanoes such as pinatubo have a built in warning system a series of small earthquakes .
Other volcanoes erupt without warning .
But they all begin the same way as <unk> or melted rock deep inside the earth .
The <unk> rises toward the earth's surface <unk> it's lighter than the solid rock around it .
Its heat actually <unk> a path through some of the rock .
The <unk> eventually in a chamber just under the surface .
As the pressure builds the <unk> blasts through the surface .
The lava and ash pile up around this opening or vent forming the volcano .
There are basically three kinds of volcanoes .
Mauna <unk> in hawaii the <unk> largest is perhaps the most famous example of a shield volcano .
That's where lava has gradually built up a low dome shaped mountain .
Cinder cones such as hawaii's <unk> are formed mainly by volcanic rock .
The third type of volcano is perhaps the most <unk> .
Composite volcanoes such as japan's mountain .
Fuji are formed by both lava and volcanic rock .
Some volcanoes erupt constantly like <unk> off the coast of italy .
Known as active volcanoes their eruptions are usually quiet .
Intermittent volcanoes erupt on a fairly regular basis .
Mountain .
Etna in sicily for example has been oozing lava for several months now threatening several towns at the base of the volcano .
Then there are the sleeping or dormant volcanoes .
Oregon's mountain .
Hood is one such example of a volcano that's been <unk> but still has the potential to erupt .
For years mount saint <unk> was in that category until as you know it blew twelve years ago .
Boy prepares for geography bee .
We try to teach you a little bit about it by showing you maps .
Your teachers may try different methods to <unk> your interest but many of you just don't take to geography .
Still it is an important subject to learn and we know of at least fifty seven people who do like it .
They're students in grades six through eight gathered in washington d. c. for the national geography bee .
C. n. n.'s newsroom's courtney <unk> takes a look at how one competitor prepared .
Where is the bay of <unk> whose long history of sea going activities dates back to the time of the <unk> circa eleven hundred b. c. .
The answer spain .
And if you didn't get it don't worry .
Geography is this teenager's expertise .
For the last month thirteen year old nick <unk> has lived and breathed geography .
You know i like geography but you know i don't dream about it .
All in preparation for this year's national geography bee .
Well i have a u. s. atlas here road atlas a european atlas and then i have an historical atlas and a world atlas over there .
You could call it map mania .
They're in books on the wall even in stacks <unk> away in the closet .
Have you read all this stuff front to back .
Well i've attempted to but i've but now i'm just sort of opening a page and reading something .
A lot of times i get i open up i read the same thing a lot .
But i'm pretty sure that i've opened up to every page but i've not read it .
When it comes to world geography nick knows more than the average eighth grader or adult for that matter .
His love for it comes naturally and he isn't sure when this all started .
Well that's one thing i really don't know .
I sort of i've always liked maps .
But you know i just got involved from looking in a couple of maps to this .
So .
Nick studies morning noon and night .
But he still finds time to have a little fun .
You just have to push yourself a little harder to learn geography you know .
You have to read every book that you see that has to do with geography .
You have to look at magazines things like that that normally a kid would be playing nintendo .
Nick hopes to beat out fifty six other competitors taking part in the bee and win a twenty five thousand dollar college scholarship .
It's fun but sort of like competition is pretty fun but you know nervous nerve racking .
So if it's usually like that most of the questions i know but if there's one i don't know i just pray that i don't get it .
Prayer the power of positive thinking and his knowledge of the world the combination nick is counting on to carry him into the winner's circle .
Courtney <unk> c. n. n. newsroom potomac maryland .
And we'll be crossing our fingers for nick .
We sure will .
And tomorrow we'll you who won the contest .
That's it for today .
I'm brian todd .
And i'm cassandra henderson .
