Missouri republican senator kit bond has just finished his questions for former white house chief of staff mack mclarty .
We'll rejoin the senate banking committee now .
Be recognized .
Mr. chairman just very quickly .
I don't want to <unk> this as none of us do i think .
But i want the record to be complete so that we have a fair capacity to understand this .
Senator shelby spent a little while and others have asked a number of times about the memorandum or diary so called of roger altman with respect to the words paralyzed and the quote if we don't solve this within the next two days you don't have to worry about a schedule .
I really wanted to place in the record and ask unanimous consent to do so just two newspaper collections of news stories beginning in december of nineteen ninety three running up through the time of this diary .
Without objection it will be made part of the record .
I'd just like to run through it very quickly for a minute and then revisit the diary in that context .
On december twenty third of nineteen ninety three a newspaper article appeared in the washington post and this is just the washington post new york times here .
But the washington post had hill pressure builds for probe of clintons' whitewater deal .
I might add the hill pressure might more accurately have been described as republican pressure because it was exclusively jim leach senator d'amato robert dole .
But that was phrased as hill pressure .
And on the next day or excuse me .
That was the second day .
The day before that an article in the new york times investigators to seek ex white house <unk> files on land <unk> on the twenty fourth that's the third consecutive day headline clinton releases files on land deal .
And they were all given over to the justice department by the white house .
On january third independent counsel urged in arkansas probe g. o. p. <unk> call rebuffed and the next day g. o. p. leaders seek counsel to probe clinton <unk> on the fourth of january clintons continue to gather land deal files painstaking disclosure process is described .
So the white house is in the midst of gathering all the documents pulling it together .
On january sixth white house hopes to avoid leaks of clinton file .
It's very important to understand that this entire thing came about through leaks .
The law was broken .
Someone in the r. t. c. broke the law and released confidentiality .
And there was a clear concern about the politics of this and what might happen .
On january sixth a subpoena issued of the clinton files and the white house to comply in the savings and loan <unk> on the seventh of january attorney general reno to ask for special counsel in the clinton land deal .
I might add attorney general reno obviously appointed by president clinton .
On january eighth president's lawyer tried to limit the use of the whitewater files to only the justice department .
In the public domain you have a reporting of the very item which was discussed in the conversations that were referred to earlier .
So this was not secret this was a public discussion at the point of the fact that the white house was justifiably concerned about leaks and politics with respect to this .
On the twelfth nine democrats joined in the call for a special <unk> and on the thirteenth president clinton sought a special counsel and asked janet reno to name the counsel on the land deals .
Now this particular call by the democrats occurred one day after the notice was made in the diary of roger altman .
So all of this is the context within which ms. williams has testified that hillary clinton was totally consumed pulling together all of these documents .
So i'd simply want to make that context available because it's very easy to sit here <unk> talking about these items that appear .
But when you realize this incredible pressure and the consumption of making sure you're complying with the law pulling together the documents it seems to me that a characterization about paralyzed we don't know if that's exactly what was said or not said .
But i assume from your earlier testimony ms. williams you said something to the effect that she was spending an inordinate amount of time with counsel .
Is that fair or not .
In my opinion she was spending time with counsel that should have been spent on health care .
Well is it fair to say she was distracted from the rest of the agenda .
She was not distracted but i believe that we could have been much more proactive if the time that she was spending on answering questions press inquiries and on being talked to by her personal lawyer were spent <unk> on health care .
She .
Well i understand that but i mean look it seems to me that if she's spending a lot of hours on something that she didn't want to spend time on she's distracted .
That would be a fair characterization .
I mean the president himself announced and here's the wall street journal article saying the president is backing down in an effort to protect the rest of his agenda .
I mean he was aware that this was invading the time and energy of the white house and they needed to deal with it .
And dealing with it is precisely what was mentioned in mr. altman's diary where he says if we don't solve this within the next two days you don't have to worry about her schedule on health care .
Correct .
I'm sorry could you repeat that please .
If we don't solve this' this is reading from roger altman's diary if we don't solve this within the next two days you don't have to worry about her schedule on health care .
And the question is sir .
The question is wasn't this in fact solved within the next two days when the president appointed a special counsel and turned all the documents over to the justice department .
Oh yes i guess to some degree it was .
So i mean this it seems to me is is sort of an accurate reflection of the state of affairs of the time and nothing inconsistent with what you have testified or what was in fact happening at that point in time .
Well sir if i can just make a brief point here .
The question with respect to the diary was whether or not i had had these conversations with mr. altman and i felt in responding to the questions i had to say in all honesty that to the best of my recollection i did not have these conversations with him .
With respect to what the mood of the white house was or whether or not his diary reflects the mood i won't speak to that but i will say that the questions were did you have these conversations with mr. altman and i must say that to the best of my recollection i did not .
That is not to say that mr. altman could have been reading the newspapers looking at what was in the public domain and coming to these things himself .
I am saying that i did not have these conversations with mr. altman to the best my recollection .
And you're saying that you had no at this meeting on health care you made no comment to him at all about the degree to which hillary clinton was wrapped up in this or involved or couldn't be involved in the health care schedule .
What i said and excuse me what i said was to the best of my recollection i did not have these specific conversations with mr. altman as reflected by his words and his writings .
But what i also did volunteer to this committee was that i had been saying to anyone who would listen that i believed whitewater was a distraction from the president's agenda and i did not understand how seventeen years of arkansas history was related to feeding people clothing people giving people health care .
I was outspoken i said that i said it over and over .
And you might have said it to mr. altman .
It is possible he could have heard me say that .
Thank you very much .
Thank you senator kerry .
Mr. chairman .
Yes senator d'amato i want to just indicate senator moseley braun has not yet had a chance and will want to take one .
Same thing with senator domenici .
Yeah senator domenici you've not had a round yet either have you .
All right so we have two members who need to do that .
Senator d'amato .
Mr. chairman i'm going to yield .
I just want to make an observation .
I think senator kerry has done us a great service in putting forth the fact of all of those things in the public domain which were absolutely of tremendous consequence and taking tremendous time of the administration .
Suggested it wasn't given the litany and it was public .
Now mr. altman tells us under oath mr. altman says under oath that his diaries accurately reflected his discussions with you maggie williams .
He said his duties his diaries included entries which had historical significance .
In other words this wasn't just a collection of things historical significance and were intended to be accurate .
Now i'm going to ask you a question .
Are you saying that mr. altman's testimony is inaccurate .
Sir what i'm saying to you is i am also under oath here and as i have said before i do not have a recollection of these conversations .
So then he may have been accurate and he testifies to us that they were written for historical significance and intended to be accurate .
Now you say you don't have a recollection .
Now it is not now that i say .
No i don't mean to be well you tell me .
No it is not now that i have said .
I have consistently said even to mr. altman himself that i do not have a recollection of having any of these conversations with you .
Okay .
I thank you .
Mr. chairman let me just try to clarify here .
I don't think anybody's trying to make any big deal out of this thing but here's the point .
You've got a person like mr. altman who is writing in a confidential diary that he assumes at the time is never going to be read by anybody and he says not that he read something in the newspaper but on whitewater maggie told me that hillary rodham clinton was paralyzed by it .
Now twice under oath he's gone back and verified it and you know obviously the natural thing is to wonder why in the world anybody would make the entry they never thought anybody would read at risk of perjury defend it twice and then have it turn out in the recollection of someone who has already said i don't go around talking about the lady i work for and i assume if you did it's be a pretty extraordinary conversation and obviously mr. altman thought this one was .
But that's where the confusion here is coming from and it's just one of these deals where you got two people and they have two different stories .
Let me say mack i want to come and ask you a question and it's just it's something i'm confused about .
And i've tried to go back and put all this together and understand what was going on .
And i read from all of these internal diaries which i give greater credence to because people wrote them from their heart they assumed they were never going to be read and when we say things publicly we know they are going to be read and as humans we all have the tendency to at least put it in the best light for us if not put it in a light that is brighter than the sun .
In any case all through this period we have these references in these diaries about intense pressure that altman was under from the white house .
That he had been told by the white house that stepping aside in the madison investigation was quote unacceptable .
These are powerful words that people generally don't make up or confuse with other words .
Now last night the president brought into this discussion a whole new perspective when he said the only thing that upset me this is about altman's deciding to take himself out of the madison guaranty investigation the only thing that upset me was that i did not want to see him <unk> into it .
Now here is the point .
We're reading what mr. altman is saying in his diary what his <unk> the chief of staff is saying in his diary and there are at least all the pressure is from the white house to stay on in the investigation .
Where is this why do you think the president has reach a conclusion that there's this pressure <unk> him to get out of it .
It seems to me that you could make a case based on what we know was in mr. altman's mind and in the mind of the people around him that all of his peers said you ought to get out of it you're one of the president's closest friends you've got this long connection from being in college people are going to at least say that there's a potential conflict of interest here with your friend .
We know that but in terms of pressure as he perceives it it's all coming from one direction from the white house and it's all to stay in the madison investigation .
Explain to me if you can where the president sees this pressure on him to stampede him to leave the madison investigation and to take himself out of it .
Senator if i understand your question let me try to respond to it as best i possibly can .
As i've already commented this morning and testified i don't know of any evidence to suggest that mr. altman had pressure or intense pressure to recuse himself .
I certainly did not convey that to him .
I think the president's comment probably is in the context and mr. nussbaum and other can discuss this more fully i believe mr. klein and mr. <unk> did yesterday in their panel .
There were a number of other nominees that were before various committees and this matter of <unk> if you had any relationship with the president was an issue and that really was a very serious issue and one i think particularly mr. nussbaum was concerned about .
Do you let me just ask you your opinion on something if i may if it's appropriate .
Do you believe given the close association with the president that mr. altman should have <unk> himself which again i try to speak in the language of the people who are listening that he should have taken himself out of the madison investigation from day one .
My opinion is that mr. altman had all the facts to make that decision .
He should make that decision .
You characterized his relationship with the president it's not unusual to have a relationship .
I don't think perhaps the relationship is as close and long standing as perhaps you suggested .
But i think mr. altman's been a person at least in my dealings that's always been even handed and objective and if he reached a conclusion he could be in this matter then that was his decision senator .
And i think that's what he was weighing .
Well i think that's that's correct .
I guess i would have to go back to the point and say let me just pick a real life example .
I've known senator domenici since i came to congress .
We're not childhood friends i never borrowed any money from him .
But if i found myself in a position where i had to decide about things like criminal referrals with relationship to my friend senator domenici or if i found myself having to oversee an investigation of him and i'm confident that i or no one else will ever be in that position which is why i chose him .
I think immediately without giving it a thought as long as a heartbeat i would say look maybe i can be objective but i think people are going to question whether i could be objective or not .
And i wouldn't it wouldn't take a second to say i want to in the legal word recuse myself from this .
But yet we have this long tortured process with all of this pressure being reported in private for him to stay on no pressure recorded in private for him to leave and it just strikes me as a strange logic .
And obviously i don't understand the logic the president's expressing here that he was concerned that altman was being forced to withdraw himself from the investigation when it seems to me that there's this overwhelming pressure for him to stay in it and there should have never been any real doubt in anybody's mind that he shouldn't have not gotten it in gotten into it to begin with .
Do you have a response mr. mclarty .
The time has run .
But do you have a response you want to make to that .
Yes very quickly .
Please do .
Yes first the testimony has been that there was not pressure applied so i would like on this decision so i would like to respond to that .
Secondly i recall an exchange a brief exchange between mr. klein and senator bennett last night i believe about this <unk> matter .
And people can look at this matter differently .
To me mr. altman was the person who could know in his gut i think as senator bennett said whether he could be objective and fair and i think if he concluded that he would indeed feel that way and would be objective and fair .
I think that's a decision that each individual has to make senator .
Well we may have to come back to that .
Senator moseley braun .
Thank you mr. chairman .
Like a dog with a bone texas republican senator phil gramm has been pushing the question of roger altman's delay in deciding to separate himself from the decision making on madison guaranty .
