Not many hollywood heavyweights get to sleep in the white house but linda bloodworth thomason one of televisions most successful writer producers of comedy has done just that .
And while the president is working to change the united states bloodworth thomason has already changed television .
She spoke with our sherri sylvester .
I take the one half hour format very seriously and i know that people say sitcom the way they used to say arkansas .
But you know i work in this format because i love it .
Linda bloodworth thomason has brought respectability to both the sitcom and the south under the banner of <unk> productions named for her home state of missouri and husband <unk> arkansas roots .
The <unk> created designing women evening shade and hearts afire .
The president and first lady are fans and friends .
Some say the <unk> are the ties that bind hollywood and washington .
I want to correct something because i keep reading in these articles that we are the clinton's conduit to the stars .
And if we're their connection to the stars they're in big trouble because we really don't know very many stars .
I think one message that hillary clinton is going to send around the world just by her example is that she cares a lot more where women are going than what they'll have on when they get there .
I wouldn't want anyone to use me as a role model but i sure i feel a responsibility to other women .
I mean i feel when you climb that ladder you've got to reach down your hand down and help the next woman up and not kick her hand off .
I have a scholarship company in missouri and we send rural ozark women to college and hillary clinton was the chairperson of it but she's had to resign now because of her other duties .
But we have fifty six women in college full time and we <unk> one million dollars a year from designing women for this purpose .
Bloodworth thomason has just fulfilled a life long dream of her own to stay in the white house .
She and her husband spent inaugural week with the clintons .
We explored a great deal of the white house together and we discovered the bowling alley late at night and a couple of other places .
We got hungry about midnight .
We didn't know how to send out so we went to the little family kitchen and unfortunately they hadn't stocked the cupboards yet .
So we're looking through desperate for food and all we can find are some old crackers left by the bushes and maybe one half carton of <unk> and we <unk> those right up .
