The music industry's ultimate hip crowd <unk> through the night at the ninth annual m. t. v. video music awards wednesday .
C. n. n.'s dennis michael has our complete report from backstage .
Right now van halen rules as the most honored act as the ninth annual m. t. v. music video awards .
The groups video right now scored in editing direction and as video of the year .
Red hot chili peppers also took home three awards including breakthrough video and viewer's choice award .
It was a night of nominees envelopes and winners but that wasn't the real story .
In nine years the m. t. v. music video awards has evolved beyond the standard awards show with some of the biggest acts in rock and roll performing here on a satellite hookup to one hundred fifty nations worldwide .
For a while this was the <unk> of the global village .
The show was awash in headliners including appearances by michael jackson u. two en vogue and a finale with video vanguard award winners guns 'n roses featuring guest pianist elton john .
Performer bobby brown says winning is one thing but performing at the m. t. v. awards is everything .
You get to more people with a performance on m. t. v. music awards than you get like if your video is out you know .
You get that immediate reaction from the crowd for one and then you're all the way you're all across the world .
So you know you get you get everybody in one shot to see you perform live .
It's a lot looser than the grammies too .
I mean you have people like <unk> man coming in and introducing a band like <unk> .
I mean it's great .
The <unk> <unk> referred to was in reality shock jock howard stern dressed to promote an upcoming film project and heighten the level of outrageous behavior at the awards show a level that's become traditional at the m. t. v. awards and this year generated some backlash outside .
Madonna grabs her crotch on t. v. and gets rich selling records to you people .
Clean it up .
Clean up m. t. v. .
Issues of morality aside outrageous behavior has certainly brought the annual awards show an audience .
I think that the other media in america such as yourself take notice of it now which i don't think was true a little while ago .
I mean i heard people talking on the jazz radio station they were talking about it today you know .
So you know it's a bit all <unk> .
Rounding out the <unk> list eric clapton took best male video honors for tears in heaven annie <unk> for her solo video why was honored as best female video .
The group prize went to u. two for even better than the real thing .
Nirvana was given prizes for best alternative music video and best new artists and a song that's well over fifteen years old won still another accolade as best video from a film queen's bohemian <unk> which features lead vocals by the late freddie mercury .
It's very ironic a twist of fate but it's a positive thing and freddie would have liked it .
The m. t. v. video awards seemed to have found their place as the wildest of the myriad award shows in the entertainment industry and viewers are no doubt looking forward to the tenth annual show next year with varying kinds of anticipation .
