Good morning .
American and japanese auto executives meet near chicago today .
But those with the most influence over the talks may be hundreds of miles away .
U. s. lawmakers are working on a new trade bill one that could limit japanese auto sales here .
That's more political pressure on tokyo .
Now let's get to today's meeting of auto leaders .
It is in fact the second aimed at opening japan's market for vehicles and parts and it's a continuation of january's trade summit where japan's big manufacturers pledged to buy more american made components .
But as todd benjamin reports little has happened since then .
Japanese auto makers have targeted to buy nineteen billion dollars worth of u. s. made parts by nineteen ninety four .
Japan's plan to nearly double their current purchases was made under pressure during president bush's january trip to tokyo .
But just how much american owned auto parts companies will benefit is unclear .
According to a university of michigan study only sixteen percent of the nearly nine billion dollars in auto parts bought in nineteen ninety by the japanese were made by u. s. companies .
Most of those parts were bought by japanese transplants on yankee soil .
If we're going to see some significant progress we first of all have to start seeing some u. s. firms get access to the business now held by the transplant suppliers and certainly start <unk> a lot of imports .
Honda doesn't release a breakdown of its transplant buying habits and nissan says in a <unk> economy it's irrelevant .
Of the three hundred suppliers toyota uses the bulk are either american owned or u. s. japanese joint ventures .
There have been great improvements in the quality of american parts and we've made great steps in increasing our relationships with american part suppliers and increasing our support efforts to work with american suppliers more closely .
One key to increased purchases is to get american owned suppliers involved in the design process .
Skeptics however charge the japanese would rather buy from the japanese .
The question now is whether progress in buying u. s. made parts can be made fast enough to ease trade friction down the road .
