From a view from the heavens we're going to be checking the weather here on earth now with the shuttle astronauts and also with john holliman .
It must look wet in this part of the country anyway .
Well it does and they can't really see what's on the ground here but they can see what's causing all the rain we're having .
The endeavour crew hard at work today on the flight deck sending radar pictures of the earth to ground based scientists down here .
It's raining hard in the southeastern united states right now .
This is what it looks like from overhead .
This is the shuttle's payload bay camera .
We've seen things today as you can see this heavy cloud cover over the southeastern united states causing all the rain we've seen .
There's also a volcano on russia's <unk> peninsula .
It's the headline <unk> from the mission so far .
The space radar lab is also working well .
The pictures that come down live from the shuttle are black and white and they're not as clear or as good as the final pictures that'll be computer enhanced back on earth later .
Astronaut tom jones says he's looking for changes since his last mission in the spring .
We're looking for changes since last april's s. t. s. fifty nine mission space radar lab i. we're looking for changes in the previous mass data over the last ten years .
And these two flights and other flights in nasa's mission to planet earth will show the ability to monitor the earth by the global system on a permanent basis .
Coming up a little later today some of endeavour's crew members will talk with c. n. n. about the mission and how it's going so far .
Pictures so far have just been incredible and i was asking you yesterday about that volcano .
They just happened upon that .
Yeah well it was in the flight path anyway but they didn't know it was gonna blow up .
The last time it erupted was nineteen forty one and the time before that was like in the seventeen hundred's i believe so it was just a happenstance occurrence and the shuttle is flying so low to the ground that the pictures are much more clear than they normally are .
It usually flies one hundred sixty or one hundred seventy miles up and it's about forty miles closer to us which is why they're so clear .
All right .
