An explosion in london this one occurring in <unk> green north of london .
We have not been able to confirm as yet whether it was caused by a bomb .
<unk> baker who is a c. n. n. employee in london joins us on the telephone .
<unk> what's the latest you've learned about this .
Well the latest is that the london fire brigade are telling c. n. n. that they've received a call to an incident earlier this evening about an hour ago in which a car had exploded in the north <unk> area .
This is not the <unk> green area as initially was reported .
And police have cordoned off that whole area and are searching for other devices .
It is not yet known yet what the motives are for this attack and it's obviously another serious injuries perhaps not certain yet .
But there's at least three casualties and it's late at night here but significant nevertheless .
Any idea what the extent of the damage has been in the area .
The damage has not yet been confirmed but it's obviously enough to prevent people from going in any of the areas .
They've all been cordoned off and there's been a number of elements of police and fire brigades have been called .
Two pumps are there and three injured to the local hospital .
Can you describe the area for us .
Is it primarily residential .
It's a very residential area that's right .
It's in the heart of north london's suburbs north <unk> and there is varying communities there some significant amount of jewish community in central london here but it's too early to tell exactly what the motivations were for this and what the explosion actually was .
So do the police have any idea whether there might be any linkage perhaps to the explosion on tuesday in front of the israeli embassy in the kensington district .
It's too early to tell .
The injuries earlier on today some twelve or thirteen hours ago caused significant damage in the center of london .
This is in the periphery of london .
It's in one of the northern suburbs and at the moment it's far too early to tell .
But everyone is very concerned by the incident and the whole area's on a heightened state of security .
How are the people who have been injured faring .
At the moment they've been taken to a local hospital and they're in shock and at the moment it seems that it's fairly minor and they're hoping that people will be released over night .
But at the moment there's no way we can tell just how significant this is .
Okay <unk> baker c. n. n. employee in london thank you for joining us .
