This is an a. b. c. news special report .
Now reporting from a. b. c. news world headquarters in new york peter jennings .
Good morning everybody .
We interrupt because president clinton has told us he wants to talk to the nation on the subject of rwanda and he is going to come to the white house briefing room in just a moment to answer reporters' questions .
If you've been watching television you know what's been going on in rwanda and here is the president in the white house briefing room .
Good morning .
I have just met with my national security team and i want to tell you about the new steps i have ordered to respond to the situation in the border regions near rwanda .
The flow of refugees across rwanda's borders has now created what could be the world's worst humanitarian crisis in a generation .
It is a disaster borne of brutal violence and according to experts now on site it is now claiming one life every minute .
Today i am announcing an immediate and massive increase in our response .
These efforts will be directed from the white house through my national security adviser anthony lake working with deputy secretary of defense deutch aid administrator atwood and general shalikashvili and brigadier general john knicks of our european command will command a joint task force to head our efforts on the ground .
From the beginning of this tragedy the united states has been in the forefront of the international community's response .
As the crisis has gotten worse our response has also grown .
In may when the first wave or rwandan refugees fled to tanzania i ordered the release of fifteen million dollars in aid .
These monies helped to prevent the kind of problems in tanzania we are now seeing in zaire .
Since that time we have authorized an additional one hundred thirty five million dollars in relief in the area .
Beginning in may i ordered an airlift of relief supplies .
Since then we have flown over one hundred missions .
On may tenth the vice president met with united nations secretary general and the head of the organization of african unity in an effort to expand the u. n. peacekeeping force in rwanda .
The following week the security council approved a resolution authorizing that expansion .
Then i ordered the department of defense to provide equipment including fifty armored personnel carriers to aid the peacekeepers .
Throughout june and july i ordered increases in our relief efforts at the crisis escalated .
I sent senior administration officials to the region including brian atwood the administrator of aid .
Today i have ordered an immediate massive increase in our efforts in the region in support of an appeal from the united nations high commissioner for refugees .
I've ordered the defense department to establish and manage an airlift hub in uganda which will be used as a staging area fro around the clock operations for shipments of relief supplies to the refugees in the rwandan border regions .
Consultations are underway now with the government of uganda .
I have directed the defense department to assist in expanding airlift operations near the refugee camps in goma and <unk> .
We will provide personnel and equipment to enable these airfields to operate on a twenty four hour basis .
I've ordered our military to increase the capacity to receive transfer and distribute goods at these airfields .
Our aim is to move food medicine and other supplies to those in need as quickly as possible .
I directed the pentagon to establish a safe water supply and to distribute as much water as possible to those at risk .
Safe water is essential to stop the outbreak of cholera and other diseases that threaten the refugees .
Today and tomorrow about twenty million oral <unk> therapy packages will be delivered packages that were purchased thorough aid and delivered on u. s. military aircraft to the refugees in order to try to stem the cholera outbreak .
Our task in rwanda is twofold first to alleviate the suffering as quickly as possible second to take steps to establish conditions that will enable the refugees to return home .
To achieve the second objective i've ordered the state department and our ambassador to the united nations who is here with us today to take immediate action to help create those conditions .
The united states will support and urge the immediate deployment of a full contingent of united nations peacekeepers to rwanda to provide security for the return of the refugees .
We are making clear to the new leaders of rwanda that international acceptance including american recognition depends upon the establishment of a broad based government the rule of law and efforts at national reconciliation .
We're taking action to counteract the propaganda of the extremist hutu elements who continue to urge rwandans to flee .
Taken together these steps will help to relieve the suffering of the rwandan refugees and create conditions for their return home .
As i said yesterday we face here a growing human catastrophe .
The united states not only supports the efforts of the international community but is and will continue to take a leading role in those efforts .
In the days to come as americans see this heartbreaking unfolding tragedy the suffering must not only touch our hearts it must move americans all across our nation to reach out with their own private contribution to relief organizations and it must move us as a nation to take the practical actions that this crisis demands .
Mr. president how much will all of this cost and how many u. s. troops will be engaged in this operation .
Well i'd like to leave the details on that question to those who will brief you .
It will be in excess of one hundred million dollars .
We'll have modest commitments of american manpower but enough to do the job .
The leadership came here last night and told you that your health care plan for all intents and purposes is dead and that they're going to start over with something very different from what you had proposed .
How do you feel about that .
Are you willing to accept this turn of events .
First of all i want to tell you i had a prediction last night .
I said to the leadership last night .
They said what shall we say .
I said well i have been saying for four weeks we have agreed to dramatically change this plan .
We're going to string it out .
We have to have a longer phase in we have to have less bureaucracy we have to have totally voluntary small business alliances and we have to give a bigger break to small businesses to get them to buy into it .
I'll bet if you out there and say it it will be treated as news and that is exactly what happened .
That is exactly what i said to the governors that is exactly what i have been saying for the last three or four weeks and i'm glad that it finally is going out to the american people .
We listen to the american people all of us did .
So we said when i sent my plan to the congress i implored the congress to go out and offer suggestions for changing it for improving it for making it better .
I did that from day one .
I have i am still waiting for someone else to produce a bill who believes there's another way to achieve universal coverage .
I thought it was a very good meeting because the leaders reaffirmed their belief that our objectives should stay the same .
Universal coverage so that we can provide security to those who have health insurance and cover those who don't now one sixth of our people .
Remember america's going in the wrong direction .
Only the united states is reducing the number of people with health coverage every year .
Secondly secondly our goals are the same we reaffirmed them the leaders reaffirmed them .
Universal coverage quality and choice an emphasis on preventive and primary care and discipline and <unk> costs not only for the government so that we don't increase the deficit but also for people in their private insurance plans and we will have a bill in the senate and a bill in the house that will achieve those objectives .
The burden is then on others .
Finally the burden must go to others .
I would remind you now we have the medical associations the american medical association several other physicians groups the nurses association the nonprofit hospital association virtually every medical center in the country a huge group of small businesses a huge group of large businesses and a wide array of others who support these four goals .
The bill that we will come out with i am confident will reach these four goals .
How we reach them is now up to the congress working with the white house but the burden is on those who think they have a better idea to come forward with it .
Some day we are going to have to focus on those who have other alternatives .
That is my objective .
I think we will reach those four goals .
I thought it was a great meeting and my prediction was that if they would go out and say what i've been saying for a month that it would make news and sure enough it did and i feel very very good about it .
Now i have to turn this over to them to answer more questions about rwanda .
Well you may be a little puzzled there as to why the president would address himself to the suffering of so many people and the questioning would turn almost immediately to health care but it is a big debate in washington and the president probably appropriately from his point of view wanted to get it back on rwanda so left the white house briefing room and now leaves it to the deputy secretary of defense and the chairman of the joint chiefs to brief the reporters there on what it is he has set forward for rwanda .
We'll take just a couple of moments now to talk to among others our national security correspondent john mcwethy on what this all means .
John the president i thought was in some respects sounding a little defensive .
Is the u. s. trying to catch up in terms of helping the rest of the world .
Well that's certainly not the way the white house is portraying it .
The president is saying we are the leader .
We have been from day one and in fact when the united states <unk> especially has he has done today it sets the tone and the pace for much of the rest of the world .
Isn't it actually all true that much of the rest of the world is already doing some of what it can and that the u. s. is slow off the mark .
There are more than two thousand french troops that have been in rwanda for several weeks .
The united states when it does gear up is not sending troops into the country itself but the u. s. can bring to bear enormous resources on the borders of rwanda and that is clearly what the president now intends to do after a delay of some days .
Now you have heard all of what he said you followed it fairly closely .
From the point of view of the need there what do you hear him saying that he's providing most .
Well he is focusing on the things that are the most immediate need and the things that the united states can really make a difference at .
What the u. s. is really good at doing with its troops and with its capabilities is moving mass amounts of materiel and supplies into the area .
That is what he is going to do .
He's focusing on the bottlenecks the small airport at goma and there are other areas by the way than just goma that have acute problems .
He's focusing on water he's focusing on food those are the kinds of things that the u. s. can really make a difference on .
Let me turn briefly to our international security consultant tony cordesman who is in our washington bureau rushed in to help us this morning .
Tony what can be done in a hurry to alleviate this horrendous suffering .
The key steps are the ones that the president has described .
That will probably increase the through put of goods to the airports by about six to eight times which is a tremendous increase .
It won't come close to meeting the need but it's a major difference .
Adding the water will be the critical aspect .
Now there are a few other things to be done like air drops but those generally have limited capacity .
The airports are the test of what can be done in the next week to ten days .
Tony one of the relief workers in goma last night told a. b. c.'s bill blakemore they're covering about five percent of the need of water at the moment .
What does it take and how quickly can you get up to a one hundred percent or anything even approaching it .
I don't think you can get up to one hundred percent .
I think the only way you could possibly meet the need is to send many of the people back and to disperse them .
Probably in the next week you can double or triple the amount of water that is available in the areas where people are now concentrated .
If you can disperse them you might be able to meet somewhere between twenty and thirty five percent of the need although any of those figures are purely speculative .
But you'll never be able to meet even half the need unless you can change where the people are and move them to new sources of water .
O. k. tony stand by for a sec if you would and john mcwethy as well .
We heard many refugee workers on the ground at these scenes yesterday urging these people those who could that person obviously couldn't to go back to rwanda .
A. b. c.'s ron allen who is there for us was up at the border this morning .
We talked to him just a few minutes ago and asked him whether there was any sign of people going back .
There were several hundred people at the border today trying to get across people who say they are tired of all the disease and the hunger that they're suffering here and they think they'd be better off back home .
So they're trying to cross but today the <unk> authorities were there closed the border down and would not let people cross .
Any reason why the zaire wouldn't let them go back .
They say it's not safe .
There are a lot of weapons a lot of unexploded grenades that are <unk> the path between the no man's land essentially that is the border area .
Ron you yourself went across this morning .
What did you find .
The area of the border is littered with weapons which were taken from the rwandan army as it retreated and joined the refugee exodus more than a week ago but we crossed easily our vehicles could not cross there is a potential problem there so as we understand it now the <unk> authorities are saying that perhaps tomorrow or the next day they will open the border .
When you talk to people who are coming across the border from rwanda into zaire what do they tell you they are now fleeing from .
They seem to be fleeing what they're hearing on these government radio broadcast the propaganda warning them that hutus especially the majority tribe in rwanda are going to be executed by the tutsi mainly tutsi rebel army which now controls vast areas of the country .
Did you run into any tutsis on the other side and do they say that these people can come home safely .
Yes we spent several hours with the rwandan patriotic front the rpf .
They toured us through some of the areas across the border which are now essentially ghost towns .
They give every assurance and the rwandan government the new government which has set itself up in the capital kigali has said today that they welcome people to return both hutu and tutsi .
How easily is aid getting there at the moment .
It's not getting here at all in any significant quantities as i understand it peter .
The number of flights coming in is very small there's a lot of congestion and confusion at the airport and it's just not happening as quickly as the relief community would like it to .
There is limited fuel distribution but as you can see these roads are clogged with people .
It's a little bit open now but often there are people in the way and trucks literally cannot get where they want to go so there are all kinds of logistics problems with the distribution .
And is the a. b. c.'s ron allen interrupt the middle of that conversation we had a few minutes ago .
A. b. c.'s ron allen in goma on the border between rwanda and zaire where the president says we are watching the worst humanitarian crisis in a generation .
We've seen it for ourselves for the last week and as you look at the number of people who are dying a thousand yesterday probably more to die most of them dying of cholera .
The president saying that twenty million cholera kits will be delivered tomorrow these are the anti dehydration kits .
It is clear to all of us that once again the power of human suffering as seen by the rest of the world is finally having a major impact on governments .
A little later today one thirty eastern time to be specific we will be back for the arraignment of o. j. simpson in los angeles and then on world news tonight this evening there'll be a complete wrap up of the disaster for the rwandan refugees and the o. j. simpson trial .
I'm peter jennings .
Thank you for joining us .
