Well as you know i was in new york earlier this summer and i think i can testify for most people who have ridden it but nothing about the new york subway system would inspire you to think about poetry .
But that may be because you haven't seen the writing on the wall .
C. n. n.'s jeanne moos has been doing some reading while she rides underground .
In new york savvy subway riders tend to avoid eye contact with other passengers especially those who talk to themselves out loud .
Yep jesus christ .
Me i'm it .
But unless you bury yourself in a newspaper or a book the only place to look is up at the ads .
Ads aimed at relief of everything from pain in your feet to problems with your teeth from pregnancies to <unk> .
But move over laser <unk> treatments now there's poetry in motion verse in these most adverse of conditions .
The new york city transit authority is copying an idea first tried in the london underground .
We do indeed have a captive audience and one way to expose people to poetry is to make them look at it .
Instead of more depressing ads call us when you're ready to return from the living dead riders can now peruse and muse over poetry from the likes of william butler yeats walt whitman and contemporary poets such as lucille <unk> .
Let love be at the end .
The end of the train in this case .
Poetry down here may seem incongruous .
New yorkers tend to think of odors rather than <unk> in the subway .
The last thing that's on your mind is emily <unk> poem hope is the thing with feathers .
The hope in new york is to make it home in one piece .
Hope is the thing with feathers slash it purges in the soul slash and sings the tune without the words slash and never stops at all .
Whether or not they get it they like it .
I think it's a neat idea .
I think it's a good idea .
Anything that stimulates thought you know especially on a subway .
I think it's all right .
Yeah how come i hear a echo man .
A dead poet perhaps .
The woods are lovely dark and deep slash but i have promises to keep slash and miles to go before i sleep .
And miles to go while i sleep .
