Teachers and parents often wonder what does it take to get teenagers excited about math and science .
In some cases the answer may be a challenge .
C. n. n.'s al hinman reports on a program that has changed some kids from problem students to problem solvers .
Space travel used to be only a daydream for jeff davis until he designed a model rocket kit out of recycled cardboard tubes .
Now elementary school students can do more than just dream about space .
Life is about dreams and if i help somebody get to their dream then i'm really happy about that .
Davis's model rocket kit might never have lifted off if not for the help of a program called partnership for america's future .
Business and school volunteers team up to help students turn their dreams into marketable reality .
They're learning that not everything is simple it takes a lot of tries and tests before something might work .
At springfield high school near akron ohio students are challenged to come up with solutions for an ever growing list of problems submitted by sponsor businesses and schools .
It's an attachment to an overhead projector that demonstrates the <unk> effect which is how the earth <unk> .
<unk> <unk> says her high school teachers were not helping her understand this basic scientific concept so .
I came up with a better way to demonstrate it .
A lot of young people have great ideas inventions that could help solve a problem but very few ever get the chance to see their inventions get this far actually into manufacturing .
<unk> <unk> invention is being assembled and sold by fray scientific a major supplier of teaching aids .
Fray is making and marketing a number of inventions from students in the partnership for america's future .
The storm globe was designed by a high school student now in college who hoped to make it easier for other students to understand changes in <unk> pressure .
It's just the example of taking what you learn in school and applying it creatively .
A major toy manufacturer is considering adding this child's play bench to its catalog .
It makes me feel good for one that i did something to help somebody else .
Like the recycled materials used to build this play bench it's designer shane duke has been saved by the young inventors program .
My freshman year i had no part in school but now since this all happened i'm going to college next year and my grades are three point and above so you could say it's changed me .
Students whose projects go commercial get fifteen percent of all the profits .
The young inventors program downplays possible financial rewards instead hoping to inspire young people to strive to become the next thomas edison .
