Owners and players aren't the only ones losing money .
As the strike wears on there is also a ripple effect .
Concession workers parking lots nearby restaurants and the stadium operators are all losing some money .
Joining us now is thomas <unk> .
He is the executive director of the gateway economic development corporation the operators of cleveland's new jacobs field .
So welcome to the program .
Thank you very much stuart .
You issued bonds to build that stadium .
That's correct .
Can you pay off your bond holders with your revenue down because of the strike .
Yes we won't have any impact on our bonds because of the way we financed the structure .
It's a very unique public private partnership and there is a tax from people smoking drinking that pays off those bonds primarily .
Where we get hurt is on the operational side revenues from upside which we were certainly going to have in cleveland because we were going to put at least three million people in the park and then all those folks that you talked about the ripple effect .
That's the impact .
It occurs to me do you have grounds for a law suit bringing together the operators of various stadiums to sue somebody for the loss of revenue that you've got here .
I don't think so .
We've looked at that very carefully and it doesn't appear that we do .
It would be nice if we could try to recoup that but i'm afraid this is just revenue that is lost forever .
Cleveland has really had a rebirth in part because of the stadium .
What's happening to the whole cleveland downtown as a result of the strike .
One of the positive things strike wise that we have that other cities don't is we have an arena that is coming online too .
We're going to open that up the middle of october .
So some of that spirit that we saw in cleveland as a result of the new ball park's opening and the intense interest in coming back downtown is still there .
But those communities that don't have something like that to benefit from have a real problem i think .
Have you paid refunds to season ticket holders .
Yes for the tickets but they don't get refunds on all the premiums that they pay for things like <unk> and club seats .
So they've lost money in fact .
I mean there's money they paid out they're not going to get all of it back .
They're not going to get the value .
And you've had to shell out some money as well which is even worse than your loss of revenue because of the strike .
Well the cleveland indians have had to pay the cost of those ticket refunds not gateway corporation but the everybody is a loser is the bottom line .
You were saying that some of your revenue comes from sin taxes on alcohol and tobacco .
Have you found that actually the consumption of these things has has gone and some of your revenue or your projection is off .
Yes .
Absolutely january .
Since nineteen ninety when the tax went into effect we've seen a decline particularly in smoking .
People are just smoking less and the revenues are down .
I think revenues have fallen about five percent since nineteen ninety when the tax went into effect .
We were very conservative in the way we dealt with the bonds .
The underwriters made us be that way so we were not going to have an adverse impact from that either but it would have been extra revenue had we not seen that decline .
I must ask jan do you sell cigarettes in the stadium .
No we do not .
Do you allow smoking in the stadium .
No we do not .
So we have designated smoking areas .
Wait a minute no i don't care .
You need the tax revenue from cigarettes but you're not prepared to sell them and you're not prepared to let people use them .
That's a contradiction .
Well it was a bit of a problem for us and it was something that we had to deal with but our feeling was that the most important thing was the <unk> comfort in general and if that has an adverse impact on the revenues so be it .
In an outdoor stadium the fans still want .
Yes .
Did you poll them .
Did you ask them .
We did .
We asked a lot of fans what they thought about that subject and it was clear that people do not like sitting next to someone having smoke blowing in their face .
Fair enough .
Thomas <unk> from the gateway corporation in cleveland .
Thanks indeed for joining us .
