The world health organization estimates there are fourteen million people who are infected with the aids virus about three fourths of them through heterosexual intercourse .
Recent studies show more women are changing their sexual behavior to avoid contracting the disease mainly by insisting their partner wear a condom .
About twenty two percent of them say their partner uses a condom frequently ten percent say every time .
Now a female condom is being marketed .
The users say it's not perfect .
C. n. n.'s norma quarles has more in our news from medicine .
<unk> natal a college student in new york worries because she knows that in the united states aids is now the fourth leading <unk> of death in women between the ages of twenty five and forty four .
You get very paranoid and you know you try to protect yourself as much as you can and there's really nothing that's one hundred percent safe except for abstinence .
Since she and her partner don't wish to abstain she's decided to be among the first women in the united states sampling the f. d. a. approved female condom .
It comes in a package like this .
They're two dollars and fifty cents for one .
They're not reusable .
I find them comfortable .
The material looked stronger than the material that the male condom is made of and therefore i felt more comfortable .
The female condom recently approved by the f. d. a. is seen as a way for women to empower themselves .
Women until reality came out with the female condom had no way to take it upon themselves to protect themselves .
Already in use in europe female condoms will get wider u. s. distribution if the f. d. a. approves a manufacturing plant in great britain .
In the meantime fifty thousand female condoms are being distributed at health clinics in the united states .
Reaction at this aids clinic was mixed .
Well it wasn't a problem getting it in .
It wasn't really a problem .
It was getting it out .
You just couldn't use it .
I have to convince my husband to use that you know but what bothers me is that it's so expensive .
Well my partner he said that he felt like he was doing it with a garbage bag .
You know it was like he just didn't like it .
I know this is not quite what many women hoped for .
I mean however in a sense it is a step forward .
In the united states women now account for forty thousand of the more than three hundred thousand cases of aids .
There are women who are married to bisexual men who are not aware of this .
There are also women who are married to men who are former injection drug users and they're not aware of this .
Despite its flaws the female condom is the first device designed for women to use to protect themselves against aids .
