Fifty three years ago japanese planes launched a sneak attack on pearl harbor forcing the united states to enter the second world war .
It would be four long years until the war ended .
Even today memories of how the war ended are still too painful for many japanese .
C. n. n.'s andrea koppel reports on a u. s. <unk> stamp design that's <unk> up those memories .
Not many people know eighty four year old <unk> <unk> .
She's not rich or successful or for that matter unique .
She is one of more than three hundred thousand japanese who've spent the last forty nine years living in pain .
As soon as i heard a bang i felt as if somebody had scratched off all of my skin with a bundle of needles .
It was really indescribable .
The pain and shock was extraordinary .
It was a hot summer day august sixth nineteen forty five when the united states dropped the first atomic bomb on hiroshima home to <unk> and many others .
On august ninth the u. s. dropped a second a bomb on nagasaki .
Six days later japan surrendered .
Last week the u. s. postal service announced it will issue another stamp in september as part of its series commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the end of the second world war .
On it there will be a mushroom cloud and a caption atomic bombs hasten war's end august nineteen forty five .
Even if it wasn't written we would feel an extraordinary anger at the idea of using the mushroom cloud to justify the a bombs .
We believe nuclear weapons must not be used in any kind of situation .
The stamp insults all the victims of the a bomb .
We could never forgive it .
Almost half a century later the u. s. is discovering just how fresh the memories are in this country of what happened before the end of world war two .
Since last week's announcement survivors and the japanese government have reacted uniformly strongly criticizing the choice of the mushroom cloud stamp .
Please don't issue the stamp .
Why don't they admit that dropping the a bomb was wrong .
It can never be justified but i think it will be difficult to get america to listen to the voice of the japanese people .
On wednesday the largest organization of bomb survivors in japan decided it will send a letter of protest to u. s. president bill clinton .
The group hopes that if the president were to hear directly from those who suffered those who still suffer he might be willing to help .
