And welcome to c. n. n. world report .
We're going to bring you the news as reported by the world's broadcasters from their perspective .
I'm ralph <unk> .
As we mentioned a moment ago the fourth annual c. n. n. world report conference is underway in atlanta some two hundred contributors from more than one hundred countries are gathered to confer on the evolving role of the media around the world .
As in years past on world report we're turning to some of the participants of the conference to share their knowledge about their regions .
First today we'll be joined by nora <unk> of n. b. c. namibia for some insight on africa .
First however a quick look at some of this year's developments on that often troubled continent .
In somalia today u. s. troops turned over control of famine relief to united nations' forces .
The u. s. led operation may have saved millions of lives but somalia's troubles are far from over .
The famine in neighboring sudan has been described as <unk> perhaps <unk> that of somalia's .
And efforts to feed the starving are largely being blocked by the muslim fundamentalist government and by other parties to the country's civil war .
On the other side of the continent the toughest trouble spot remains liberia where a vicious civil war continues despite the presence of a western african peace keeping force .
On the positive side there's some reason for hope in nigeria where democratic elections are planned for next month and military rule seems likely to end .
Last december kenya reached a milestone of sorts by holding its first multi party elections the results of which were widely disputed .
In the meantime in southern africa two long term sores continue to fester the eighteen year civil war in angola goes on despite last year's signing of a peace treaty .
And in south africa efforts to end apartheid are hampered by black factional violence and by continued resistance to majority rule from some powerful white groups .
Joining us for some more insight into africa nora <unk> of n. b. c. namibia .
The problem of sudan it is almost like a mirror of what we have seen happen for so long in somalia .
Is it is the same thing happening there .
It's been a longer conflict for a first start .
And i think the problems are different in the sudanese conflict .
I think the sudanese conflict is basically one of the northern half of the country being developing at the expense of the southern half of the country .
That of course for various reasons has been and is now made out to be a racial conflict between blacks and the arabs when in fact it isn't it's basically a problem of <unk> .
But we there were wire reports this afternoon showing that thousands of lives are at stake over there right now .
And the food apparently is being sent but just not getting to the people who need it .
Yes .
Unfortunately that is the case in sudan .
Who the companies who do we blame who is to blame in the sudanese conflict who is to blame for the fact that food doesn't get to the people who most need it .
Both sides are to blame .
It's neither the fault of the sudanese <unk> rebels and neither is the government to blame both sides i think are to blame .
And to a large extent the world as well for not having taken a certain responsibility towards sudan .
The world has most part just set back and not taken active steps in solving the sudanese conflict .
Liberia .
We thought for a while that maybe things were going to work out for the better there and there are still troubles in that country .
There again i think the world has left the africans to solve the liberian conflict .
By and large the africans have been left to solve it as we see with the intervention .
Are you saying that they're not capable of solving the problem without some outside help .
Well have they solved it .
No they haven't .
Which means that perhaps another solution has to be found .
And maybe an outside intervention the united nations intervention american intervention to keep the peace .
What about angola .
Yes .
One of my pet topics .
In angola i would <unk> blame the united states .
They are directly responsible in my opinion for that conflict .
For a very long time for a number of years they helped and they supported savimbi .
When he re when he restarted the war after he lost the elections i think the onus was on the united states to put pressure on savimbi and to bring him in line .
And that they were not able to do .
And what happened .
He got so much power that now it is too late to do anything about it .
Number .
It isn't too late to do anything about it .
I think that the united states if the united states really had firm commitment toward peace in angola they would have moved in and they would have neutralized savimbi .
And they haven't done so .
So what is the answer as we look at it today .
You've said the united states in the past was the problem .
Well what do we do now .
Well i think for a start giving the angolan government the legitimate angolan government which came to power as we all know through the ballot box i think recognizing the angolan government and giving it the kind of assistance that it needs and is asking for would be a step in the right direction .
All right .
