Religious revival .
A famous time magazine cover twenty five years ago asked is god dead nowadays it seems that god was more forgotten than deceased and that he or she is being sought by an increasing number of people .
Many of them are returning returning to the religious traditions that they had <unk> at an earlier age .
Like jay and ginger <unk> a married couple who rediscovered their faith feeling their lives had become empty and pat <unk> who became a christian after never really being religious .
She felt that her successful career was jut not enough .
Nineteen year old gretchen <unk> was raised with no religion at all .
A year ago she converted to catholicism .
And marc and beth firestone were raised in jewish homes but were not observant .
Today they are practicing orthodox judaism .
And joining me here in new york to help explain all of this rabbi harold <unk> who's author of the bestseller when bad things happen to good people .
And i'll talk to him in just a little bit .
Also with me sociologist wade clark roof professor of religion and sociology and society at the university of california at santa barbara .
He's the author of a generation of seekers the spiritual journeys of the baby boom generation .
Welcome to all of you .
Mr. roof the scope of what we're talking about i mean is this really a revival or are we seeing bits and pieces patches of people coming back .
Well sonya this is a massive transformation in the religious landscape .
We're seeing large numbers of people either returning to religious institutions after many years of being lapsed or they're asking fundamental spiritual questions about their own lives .
So i would characterize this as certainly a massive transformation .
The word revival is loaded with all sorts of religious connotations and perhaps we're a bit too close to use that term but certainly it's a major set of changes .
Give me a sense of numbers .
Those who may have dropped out completely versus those who just pulled back a little bit those who have come back completely in an orthodox sense to those who are seeking a sense of spirituality but not necessarily traditional religion .
Well we found in our work that about one third of the <unk> generation had been loyalists .
They were there when they were growing up and they're still there .
That means two thirds of them dropped out of religious participation in the years when they were growing up .
Now many of those people are now returning .
So what we've got are roughly forty percent of those people who dropped out our studies show are now returning or at least exploring the possibilities of finding a religious home .
About ten percent an additional ten percent i describe as intense seekers .
They'd look for all kinds of new ways of believing and of mixing and matching their beliefs on their own terms .
They push the boundaries out as far as possible .
They're not interested in religious institutions so much as they are in their own personal quest .
Then perhaps the largest group are people who i characterize as believers but not <unk> .
These are people who say they believe in god they would have their child baptized they would certainly want a church or a temple for a wedding or a funeral but they are not interested in participating in organized religion .
Many of those people seem to be increasingly spiritual as well .
So it's a fascinating mix of different styles and if there's one thing that boomer generation people like it's the choice of style .
Now what do you think it is that they're really looking for .
Are they looking for some principles to live their lives by a common set of values .
Are they looking for a god that has a master plan a sense of order so that they can feel that there really is something that is <unk> in the world .
I think many of them are looking for some kind of anchors for their lives .
They have experienced a great deal of mobility in the past twenty twenty five years .
They've moved away from home often away from the general areas in which they grew up .
Many of them are expressing a good deal of emptiness with their lives and their careers and perhaps their marriages .
And now they .
A lack of structure .
A lack of order lack of sense of purpose and meaning and many now would like to find something that you really could depend upon in a world in which there's so much chaos and .
Mr. roof we've seen so many people take kind of the latest fashion .
Are we going to see religion du jour .
I mean is this kind of a transitional thing or do you really believe that this is a back to the roots sense of knowing i need a center and it has to be connected to something larger than myself and my pocketbook .
There's always some <unk> and fashions associated with religious trends as in other trends .
But i really do believe that what's happening now is some kind of fundamental quest to find some stable values and commitments .
And i think for this generation they'll never be quite the same again as a result of the experiences they're now going through raising their children or with a quest about their own lives that they're in .
Having said that will they live differently .
Well that's a difficult question will they live differently often there's a big discrepancy between people's values and beliefs and how they live .
I suspect that many are going to be touched for the rest of their lives by these quests .
Some will live differently .
They will become more religiously observant or participants in religious communities .
Others will simply continue their quest and i suspect it will be a lifetime quest for many of them .
Well you've done a wonderful job describing them .
Now of course let's have an opportunity to meet them .
After all who are these new or these real <unk> believers and what is it that they're seeking .
I'll talk with some folks who feel that they have found a home in old time religion when sonya live continues .
When it comes to religion some of them are complete drop outs a few have never left but a growing number of the baby boomers appear to be returning to their churches and their synagogues and to a new spiritual awakening or at least to a new sense of structure and place .
Marc and beth firestone took classes in basic judaism when they were dating .
Both were raised in non observant jewish homes but now they are practicing orthodox jews .
Welcome to both of you .
Thank you very much .
Marc why do you think you went to what might be considered the most or the least updated the most traditional of the choices within judaism that you might have had .
I think you know the age of natural foods is here and i felt if i was going to look towards judaism look back to my own backyard which i really hadn't looked at for most of my life i wanted the <unk> form of the clearest communication i thought from our ancestors from our teachers from our rabbis as what exactly judaism was about .
Having said that beth is it that .
Is it that you don't have to make a lot of choices it's kind of laid out for you you know exactly what's right and what's wrong .
I think i have to make more choices now than i really ever had to make .
I don't think it's that so much .
You're always given free choice all the way along .
But in a time when there's so many choices it's nice to know that our tradition at the jewish bible <unk> the way to do business the way to enjoy a relationship the way to have love in marriage et cetera so that we're given direction .
That's interesting .
And that is of course the idea the idea of being given directions as we heard before .
With us is rabbi harold <unk> who joins me .
His latest book is called to life a celebration of jewish being and thinking .
I seem to remember from mr. <unk> book that the group that dropped off the most were jewish youngsters jewish boomers and from his studies i'm not sure how many are going back .
But when they do go back do they tend to go back to orthodoxy and if so why .
Well yes and no sonya .
First of all it's very hard to apply general standards to what's happening in judaism for a couple of reasons .
One we're such a small people that the impact of inter marriage <unk> is much greater on the jewish community because ninety five percent of the people out there in the world are <unk> at least in the american world .
Beyond that judaism doesn't really happen in the synagogue as much as it happens in a home and so if people stop going to synagogue but had some sort of jewish identity jewish affirmation in the home they may strike their rabbi as having dropped out then they strike the sociologist of having dropped out but they're still being very jewish .
When they go back do they go back to the tradition as the <unk> did .
A lot of them do because they're looking for authenticity they're looking for more seriousness than they find in the liberal churches and synagogues including my own .
But i think one of the things they're doing it represents a rejection of the <unk> of so much of american life .
We had a family in my congregation in massachusetts who moved to new york for business reasons .
Came back a year later for a celebration .
The wife told me that they had moved to brooklyn and joined an orthodox synagogue .
I said to her joan how could you do that .
You were a feminist .
How can you pray in a synagogue where they make you sit behind a curtain and she said because in the orthodox world my best friend's husband won't make a pass at me men won't tell off colored jokes to embarrass me my children won't get caught up in drugs and promiscuity in school .
I'm willing to make certain sacrifices to escape from some of the pitfalls of the secular american life .
I think this is what's attracting a lot of people to a more serious religion .
I'm going to get back to that .
You have really opened up a very interesting chapter for us to discuss in that area .
But let me greet gretchen <unk> who is with us now a college student a member of the campus ministry at catholic university .
What influenced your decision to convert to catholicism .
Well as i was growing up basically in high school i felt that i was missing something .
I was o. k. with my friends my family .
My school work was going well but i felt that there was something missing .
I didn't feel whole .
And so as a result i started searching trying to find something that would make me feel whole .
And my junior year i met a friend who started taking me to catholic masses and they just really seemed to fit in with my style .
I liked the ritual .
As you were mentioning earlier i liked the fact that a lot of it was laid out .
And what about what the rabbi just said you know in a way that there are certain rules and regulations and expected behaviors and a way of really saying this is my belief as opposed to attempting to find a reason why you can't do something that someone is trying to push you to do .
Right .
That's not so much of an issue with me .
It does give me a boundary to say this is why i'm doing what i do .
And in that respect it's helpful .
Let's bring in someone else who has a point of view on this .
Pat <unk> is with us .
Now it's interesting to note pat you ran your own public relations firm and you were never really religious .
Now you're a protestant fundamentalist and i want to know how you balance the real world of business which we all see out there and might be called vulgar as the rabbi suggests and your own very deep fundamentalist beliefs .
Well it's a very interesting process .
I don't see it as that hard although it takes a counter intuitive approach to business .
Well give me an illustration .
I mean obviously i would expect that with a conversion you see the world a little differently .
Absolutely .
So how is that .
I basically came to understand that i had been filling my life with what i would call idle that i was <unk> work or the next account was going to make me happy or the next car or the next thing was going to make me happy .
And as i went through this process i began to realize that the next anything was not what was going to make me happy .
And i realized that <unk> says that we walk around within us with a god shaped vacuum and we try to fill it with other things and nothing else will hold it because it is man .
Well there has to mean though that there are deals you won't take people you will not have anything to do with rules that you will stand up and say i'm sorry but that is outside of my business acumen in terms of my philosophy of life .
Exactly exactly .
And so you walk away from it .
Absolutely you must .
But it doesn't feel like a sacrifice in a sense that you're really saying this is you know i'm meant to do things the right way and you trust it and tell the truth .
And what i found in business is my business is actually doing much better as a consequence .
Rather than trying to apply my own worldly wisdom to it i turn to a way of approaching that is based in how god wants us to behave .
Mr. roof i find this so interesting because one would hope that when we profess to be christians or jews and we have a value that we live by those values as opposed to always having those values for others .
As you were going around and interviewing the folks in your book did they change their lives in meaningful ways as pat is describing .
Yes .
We found a lot of evidence of that and i think pat's example fits very nicely with what we discovered .
She used the word <unk> of her life and i think a lot of that is going on now as people discover that many of the material quests that they dreamed of having when they were younger a large portion of this population has scaled down their material expectations and out of that has come a <unk> of what really are the major values after all that life ought to be focused around .
And i think i heard that in her statement and i've heard that with many of the people we interviewed .
You know what i think is one of the things going on wade is that the generation you wrote your book about is probably the first generation that cannot count on being more successful than their parents in material terms and i think what you're seeing them do is redefine success in more personal spiritual terms .
I'm hearing a lot of young people say i may not make as much money as my father did i may not raise my kids in as nice a house as i grew up in but i'm going to have my head on straight .
I'm not going to bring my work home weekends .
I'm going to be able to take time off to see my kids in school plays .
They're redefining how they understand what it means to be successful in ways that leave much more room for the spiritual the religious the community component .
When we continue i'd like to ask about that two things the rabbi has said .
One has to do with the issue of spiritual and i think that there are people who are seekers in trying to find pieces of religion that suit themselves best .
I need to get back to that .
And also if you're a feminist if you fought so hard to get to a place of equality are you going to go behind the curtain in a new fundamentalist form of religious revival .
We'll ask that question too two one two six four three zero zero seven seven .
Join us .
Their parents sent them to sunday school religious classes .
The church or synagogue was a big part of their growing up .
Then many of them turned away .
The baby boomers of the sixties and seventies today have their own children and find themselves looking for guess what .
Religion .
Why the change of heart .
Find out as sonya live continues .
And i'm talking about a kind of religious revival .
Why are some people going back to religion and others finding it for the first time .
Jay and ginger <unk> are members of a baptist church in atlanta .
Both went through divorces and periods of unsure faith .
Ginger what brought you to the point of <unk> yourself to the church .
Well basically sonya i realized that through my life as an adult in my twenties that i was always searching in the material sense as we discussed earlier in that you're always out there looking for approval from others in different areas whether it's dancing or drinking or just carrying on totally opposite from the way that i was brought up in a christian home .
And i realized that i just really got tired of wondering what i should do next got tired of thinking that if what i'm doing is right or wrong no direction no security no peace of mind .
And my sister and i had been talking and we shared that the most secure most peaceful time in our lives was the time that we were in church that everything was in order we knew where we were going et cetera .
So i had just gone through a series of events and i had realized that it was mother's day nineteen ninety actually .
I just woke up one morning and i said i'm tired of it .
I'm sick and tired of trying to figure out how i should live my life .
It does simplify things .
Mrs. <unk> it does simplify things .
I mean i don't think there's any question .
Jay let me ask you if you go back to the church as it was if you ask the church to accommodate you're a minister so you're both someone who is a believer clearly and who can lead others .
Does the church make adjustments for you .
When you ask the question about a minister i'm sorry i didn't quite understand that sonya .
I want to know if the church accommodates .
Do you ask the church to accommodate your new self someone who's divorced perhaps in a church that might not have recognized that someone who may have fallen from belief and comes back .
Are there accommodations on both sides .
I don't personally feel that it is asking the church to accommodate me .
I think the church is very accepting of whatever point you are in your life .
If you're divorced i think that there's a place in the church for you and if you have a beaver cleaver type family there's a place for you also .
And i think one of the things that i'm seeing in the church today is that they're understanding that they've got to reach all spectrums of people not just the ones that have the perfect family but the people that they're in situations just like ginger and i .
Right .
Let's take a call if we may as we go to shelly in new york .
Hi shelly .
Hi .
I was brought up an orthodox jew in connecticut and my husband was brought up as a roman catholic .
When we left our home to become adults we both rejected the teachings that were what we considered forced upon us and the restrictions and the <unk> .
We were married by a unitarian <unk> minister and we have found that belonging to this type of a liberal religious faith that we do have something to live by that this religion does promote the inherent worth of every person regardless of their religious background .
And we found that the religions we were brought up in did not affirm that .
I'm wondering if rabbi <unk> could comment .
Let's go to rabbi <unk> for that .
Yes .
What i admire about your solution is that you share a faith with your husband with your children and the family .
I think the solution for people from different religious backgrounds who fall in love and want to get married is rather than each one go their separate ways and raise children who are half jewish and half christian in which case the question arises which half is jewish and which half is christian you come to some meeting of the minds whether it's a third faith that neither of you was raised in whether the one with the stronger <unk> pull attracts the other so that the christian wife converts to judaism the jewish husband converts to christianity so that religion is something you have in common rather than something you share .
Because you see it's not theology .
It's identity and community .
It's who do you belong to where do your kids belong who do they see themselves as related to rather than who's got the most accurate definition of the nature of god .
Let's go on .
Thank you for that .
<unk> in florida .
Welcome <unk> .
Yeah hi .
Two things .
One i think the bottom line to this whole thing is knowing the difference between right and wrong .
And if people turn to religion i think those are the same people that haven't accepted responsibility for their own action as growing up and they're looking for leadership to also accept the responsibility now of being o. k. to be good .
I was raised very young by my father who taught me that there was a consequence to every action that i took and i have always taken that into consideration socially and also in my business .
And i live by my own beliefs and i'm at peace .
Well you know that's very interesting because let me go to gretchen <unk> .
Gretchen you may have children who are going to see you in a very orthodox religion and you may have rejected the religion of your grandparents if not your own parents and who may now reject your religion .
And one has to ask are you setting yourself up for continuity from one generation to the other .
Right .
I think that's a difficult question and one that i've talked about a lot with some friends of mine .
I think what's important is that i give them a base that i give them something to go by .
So you're saying that the caller for example she has her own base .
Right .
Cause she may not need to look outside .
Right .
And as she chose to stay with the values that her father taught her she very well could have left those and could have gone to any number of things .
So whether they follow you is not the critical thing .
It's that you have something to follow and they make a decision about how they're going to .
Yes .
And i hope that i give them something something that means a lot to me .
And if they choose to reject it it's going to hurt but they're going to be old enough to make their own decision and i would hope that maybe one day they would come back also like some of the people are doing right now .
Thank you .
More from our audience and then we'll get right back with more of our couples here today two one two six four three zero zero seven seven as we talk about a religious revival .
Marc firestone in orthodoxy you have ritual you have tradition you have continuity you have the laws .
You have to weave that into your entire lifestyle do you not .
That's for sure .
From the moment you wake up as an orthodox jew to the moment you go to sleep there are choices to be made .
So i wanted just to point out that it's not i can't say it's a simpler system .
We have three thousand pages of <unk> to look at for most decisions in our life and granted it's more difficult .
It leads to a more joyful existence .
But there was one point one wanted to mention in regards to rabbi <unk> .
I hope he's listening .
I'm right here marc .
The jews luckily we've been one of our trademarks is questioning .
So one of the areas which i respected about judaism was the integrity that there's no question not asked .
I looked as i became religious around twenty six twenty seven years old i looked at the evidence to support whether there's a god in the world number one and whether the jewish tradition really was the authentic system for a jew .
So it's not a simple choice for a jew for the jewish people but for three thousand three hundred years we've been making that choice and it is a difficult one and not a simple one but it does lead to a happier lifestyle i think and a true lifestyle for a human being for a jewish human being i should say .
The nice thing about it is it puts you in touch with community so you don't have to do it alone .
One of the things that bothered me about the group that you were studying doctor roof is the stress on individualism .
I just don't think it works .
I think you can't really get what religion offers you all by yourself going one on one with god .
It's got to be part of a community and i suspect what the <unk> have found in los angeles and what the other groups have found and what you found pat is that when you want to do something which is right but not easy you not only have god to lean on you've got a supportive community of people you love cherish and respect to say we are sharing this quest with you .
And actually i want to just throw one last thing in with the group we learn with which is an organization called <unk> .
The rabbis who are orthodox actually were not always orthodox .
So they themselves had gone through the questioning as rabbi <unk> pointed out .
It's true .
The questioning process if difficult by yourself but when you have rabbis who have actually been through it themselves it does make it a lot easier for you .
May i just go to mr. roof for a response for a quick moment and then we'll come back to you .
Then you can't really pick and choose .
I mean part of what i hear is you've got to pick a religion and get into it and immerse yourself and you can't take a little bit from column a and a little bit from column b. .
Well both of those patterns actually happen .
People do pick and choose but usually it's within the context of some religion that's primary .
It's a commitment to one tradition but with some picking and choosing of the themes that are important within that tradition .
What i think is very important to recognize here is that there is a quest for community and what's different it seems to me for boomers today is that many boomers are looking for a congregation or a group where they feel comfortable with that kind of quest but worry less about what particular tradition it is .
Let me go to beth for just a moment .
Beth we brought up the issue of feminism and although we have not discussed this long we really must because it is an increasingly growing and evolving force here in this country and many of the things that islamic say was said by rabbi <unk> .
And that is that there is a provision of safety given to me in orthodox judaism some of that sense of what others would call second place is your life .
Right .
Let me just say when i went to college the feminist movement was you know very big and strong and my husband <unk> me .
He always says i'm an ex feminist .
But i still think that i am a feminist .
I just think that my views have changed a little bit or the framework has changed .
Feminism was born because women weren't feeling valued for what they were doing and they wanted to feel more valued .
And they felt that they would find that value by going out into the man's world .
If you look into you talk to women who have been orthodox jews all their lives and you talk to them about this they'll say that they never felt that they never felt that they were not valued .
If anything they say you know men place them on a pedestal .
In fact every friday night on <unk> there's a song that jewish men have been singing to their wives for two thousand five hundred years called <unk> and it's praising the women for everything that they do .
Thank you for answering that .
I'm going to take another call quickly as i go to jamie in pennsylvania .
Welcome jamie .
Hi .
I just have a few points to make .
Number one i think it's wonderful what's going on if there's a genuine turn to faith and religion if it's going to enrich people's lives and enrich society .
But i think there's another side of it and that's the political .
I think fundamentalism is a dangerous force in this country and if we listen to the message that's coming out of many fundamentalist preachers it's not one of love and reconciliation .
Let's have a quick response to that if i may .
Let me go to you first pat .
I mean this is a country of the laws of the land and the laws of god are sometimes said to really be the primary law by some people .
That becomes a problem .
Yes it absolutely is .
But i think the word fundamentalist in the religious sense can be very charged .
And if you look at it what i define what our church is about is really much more historic <unk> the <unk> the time that you really return to a <unk> understanding of the bible .
And you can't get too far wrong frankly .
Very quickly jay i want to ask you a question for when we continue and it has to do with a number of christians that we know or jewish people that we know whose religion is completely <unk> in an hour in church and in synagogue and whose lives are very different from that .
I'm curious to know if you see changes in the people that you are around that that split is diminishing .
That question for you when we continue .
Also more of your comments and questions two one two six four three zero zero seven seven .
Rabbi and mr. roof i'm kind of interested in knowing before i go back to jay whether we're talking about individual needs or a whole community of tradition .
Are we starting something new or are people just using it as another form to satisfy personal needs .
I think many of the quests today in returning to religion and spiritual quest have to do with satisfying very deep personal needs .
So i found in my research that many people shop around looking for a congregation of whatever faith or denomination it might be to see if it fits comfortably with ones own personal needs .
So it's clearly a very subjective approach to the search for community .
Before i get your response rabbi let me go to jay with that very question .
That's the question the idea of being involved in religion on sunday for an hour or on a <unk> morning do you see people behaving really integrating it into their lives just as pat was talking about before .
Sonya i do very much in the respect that i'm one of those baby boomers who never left the church and came back but have been a part of a church since i guess the time i was born but have physically gone to church and had no difference in my life .
So i would have to say yeah it's got to make a difference .
You can go and sit in a pew sunday after sunday but it does have to make a difference and that's a choice .
I woke up first of this year and decided for three years i had sat in a pew and given nothing back to the church and really had not made a lot of difference in my life .
So yes it has to make a difference in your life .
And rabbi can you do this as an individual .
Well sonya one of the beautiful things about the jewish tradition is you can't get away with that .
It defines how you live your religious life in the way you eat the way you speak the way you relate to other people the way you earn and spend your money .
It's not simply what happens in the synagogue .
But in terms of what wade was saying a moment ago i think the most exciting and the most challenging thing that's going to happen in religion in the twenty first century is this tension between individual choice the buffet table instead of the prescribed menu and the search for community .
Can you create a community .
Because i think you need the sense of community where everybody defines what he's going to take and what he's going to reject for himself .
It could be fascinating to see where that goes .
You agree with all of that .
Yes .
I would just like to say i think it's not just this weird self help thing that you're just going to get better in your own life .
It is really a call to behave quite a bit differently and to work through and to figure out what are we going to do about homelessness really what are we going to do about .
Social activism .
Yes absolutely .
And it's a real call .
In christianity every time you meet christ he says go ye and it's not just enough to get healed it's go ye and .
Of course we hear that in terms of our previous caller who talked about things that happen at abortion clinics for example and the shooting of the doctor .
Or we something in waco texas and we hear about you're nodding and saying what .
I'm saying that that is clearly not part of what is the <unk> bible .
I mean that is not any part of what this religion is about .
It is the counterfeit .
It is one hundred eighty degrees away from it but we're called to be activists socially to go work in the homeless shelters and to make a difference genuinely .
In people's lives .
Let's go to judd in alabama now .
Hi judd .
Yeah i have a question .
I thought a lot about the stages of faith in my own personal journey that i have gone through and the different stages .
As a teenager and as a young college student i was very interested in the fundamentalist idea very conservative theology because it had a lot of the answers .
It had the rights and wrongs .
And as i've grown i've realized that i don't need all the answers and i can search those out for myself and there's more ambiguity to my faith .
And i was wondering if that makes a difference in maybe what church you decide to go to or whether or not you go from a liberal church to a conservative church and then back and forth and kind of how that own process in your life makes a difference in your church .
Sonya i can speak to that .
Clearly it makes a big difference whether one is looking for absolute answers or whether you're looking for a church that helps you or synagogue or a mosque or whatever that helps you in a kind of spiritual journey .
We have boomers on the religious right and we have boomers on the religious left boomers in the middle .
There's a lot of variety out there and clearly one of the things that's operating in that culture of choice and our religious choice is whether or not one is looking for clear cut answers versus a community as rabbi <unk> refers to here that will somehow sustain you and help you in your own personal quest .
So what's exciting to me about the changes in american religion with the boomers is all of the great variety we see today with respect to individual religious alternatives .
Well you know wade until very recently i think this is a jewish christian difference that judaism while it saw itself more as a family and less as a faith system that we were a people before that had religious content and you can tolerate a whole lot of religious and theological difference within the family .
And your book testifies to this .
Fewer jews today are starting to see judaism that way and more and more they're starting to say well this is a decision i'm going to make whether i want to belong to all those people or not .
That's correct .
You know as i have been listening very carefully to all of you it's clear that everybody has a little something different in their interpretation and their perception .
And i clearly heard some people talk about direction .
Gretchen really talked about the fact that there was something laid out in a way that the direction was there and jay and ginger really being refilled again and that was clear to me and pat as a way of putting together business and ones personal life and the <unk> as really the way they live and the story of their life being played out with this whole set of rules which they lovingly take into their lives .
But what i heard most of all was a real sense of inner peace .
I mean i have been talking to people today all of whom seemed in their presence to know who they are and to know what they believe in and that is just a lovely gift for me to receive from all of you and i thank you for all of that and for being here today .
I'll be right back .
Thank you for joining me today .
Tomorrow how can the family of a rape victim help or hinder the healing process .
That's my question as i continue to ask why things are the way they are a look at our world from the inside out .
I hope you enjoy the rest of the day .
And i invite you to stay tuned for newsday .
A generation of seekers the spiritual journeys of the baby boom generation by wade clark roof available in bookstores .
