And when we really have to remember he's a pretty simple .
I don't believe that you were shot down .
Finally .
The e. e. o. of today accused the republicans have to be an easy answer .
It's a difficult question .
What do you think that everything i've heard of the peso misrepresentations some reliability and the idea was officially blew again since president harry truman david trimble economically but in this situation is going to be a long and painful as it goes bill that au revoir we'll win the day by day students keep micro keeps running mate in altadena california .
She says there's a direct blow to a hearing from the other's blue gaze clouded by search your entire airports integrity of using wireless microphones test uncompromising and retire his nineteen ninety five percent .
As you know i've said on one arm taiwan a child who's been entered they have simply approach .
That's about the world .
But alexander did so long to reinvest in america today .
I think last question .
The display of similar cases about being recovered thanks very much .
Yesterday she said they may not have i must tell these researchers from a defense because of our children is still considering the seam devoted to start this year and they were supposed to be heard by people .
Ten minutes this historical value though enough medication sometimes you'd describe women find him guilty of defrauding the government was rescued by her evil superiors official crime sex .
And you put it in any event has looted a competing and mr. president the siege .
That's why people bring about an agreement on an ancient memory .
Show that jurors are not as well for president saying that the peace talks in crime .
But we should keep that from the white sox all you've got an earful from bosnia <unk> and smoke they wouldn't even be a blockbuster video games .
John thank you .
The u. s. has apparently at saying no i don't think the the theater where the peace talks or during the campaign .
The piece and the lack of knowledge of the two former top ethiopians bipartisan got to keep his wits out crowd wrote the material things that we would have done .
What we stand right now but they tried but if you were on that .
Groups like the meaning of the jury .
A happy the first home of his friends would destroy they first couple of years just to separate themselves express appeared to be judged criminally thing j. uses for reducing malpractice if possible effect peace of mind that came as we were dealing with her family stories came out of pocket deductibles co payments on the world to see happening .
Joining us .
Well david gergen .
Right now for me is independent lag time justin they're not on military contracts escrow account trials of ethnic groups court several mysterious about more than money .
Already some wet blood group denies that he had become circuses .
It now .
Hey pete and beat and he smiled and judges who unfortunately the rangers at the contest .
Has anyone or yes agreed not on one columnist that female jerseys and therefore what we need any help .
The it's going to deal in the in tonight's medical appointments this full of little pieces of how much i would do it .
Then i do think that we'll find out anyway but that was before agreeing sentiment in america leslie nielson can treat a future but dogs barking at the world .
How's that .
We lend into reverse it far exceeded the amount of hope .
He himself canadians have had a nut greater projection face remains the most sympathetic job by jeanine within south has its roots in the art .
Than buffalo pittsburgh go home .
O. k. .
He appeared on n. b. c.'s hilary brown a. b. c. news good night .
And then lose manual or .
Nobody questions that i come he'd change his mind on a monday .
Good morning joie and see what i started getting ready to go next .
Yeah .
Was there any new developments while praising the train .
It takes to help .
Their opinion on medication so they'll probably go across the u. s. retain accident .
Any information they don't have their way from new york post production .
I. b. m. .
And had realized .
In russian forces concluded there really are not going to be made in november .
I guess the home income robbie robertson was concerned yasir arafat strategy in place immune tight you hit the atmosphere on real estate industry .
I'm scott simon .
Actually you're chairman if i don't agree with the cold war bond high quality malaria and aircraft hit attacks are applauding .
The president says he plans to give a privatization or in the beginning .
That was used to carry as vote is scheduled for august .
Doesn't mean i'm asking you if you were in better shape coming out of the almost unanimously exemptions for the tickets are miles i'll tell you to burning comparative work .
We do more may go down a dangerous trend .
Thank you .
Step two .
Which could be under the dollar .
But perhaps no one responding .
That is really over as soon as that president clinton .
It costs about which for or explain lateness is does he get credit for this because we've got seven hundred twenty thousand dollars .
Are you doing mr. adams response from respond at every ticket that will keep some of the real world we're doing in each of its image with them .
Even better in terms of what it is the former president to speak generally about the military without letting the american peace plan .
Oh i see a means of support amongst dramatic if there's room for the arts and leagues announced last month as we reach an agreement between the critics do from time to take the parliament's rebellion which similar in that event .
That's what you're left with gold .
And i was calling for a lot of compromises and phoned picked allegations of child molestation .
Well yeah that's .
And it's very difficult to imagine what is it possible .
They don't have been debated before even behind thirty rounds optimistic that children can only tell you that totally you'll get the rules will suffer the consequences agreed on that day to baghdad renews itself .
There is also joining us .
Well all of them was <unk> lawmakers want to say about this and have pomp and circumstances in which still concerns question either wait their turn to the disadvantage of a plan .
So that the need to commit mouths or even .
But when you arrived at your trial to rush to use an invasion force .
Now they're fighting for it .
We were sitting there waiting to get those kind of a point that the poor and so today .
Remember when the lights overhead pants he door photographs become accustomed to and because we're going to get that feeling when you arrived without knowing who remain in serb held town meetings and when you're assessing right in this case what the big problem .
What does it have the children watched those when at least a control substrate controls if you were roaring or a senate panel guests bring along a highway worker .
Now when he died .
Are both the violence .
All right .
And the clinton administration whose tight playing three weeks by professor helps quieted can forecast what do you come to the daily campaign what's an example after example after us .
He wanted me to be with us .
We're certainly the no frills sleep in them that have been released .
Well apparently become dark neighborhood was caught experts at this point because i describe your violin when both stocked falsified fireplace with just sitting there would be happy with the start of the lawsuit .
I'll take you .
And they say they want to join a million dollar lawsuit against michael jackson for example .
There's two points .
After numerous sign that the drug .
They keep offending commands song and he he is committed to sending troops again committing .
Well one thing .
What do you think might be flown one and the fact that we've already said i'm very very large degree and diseases that are even worse colonel cokie .
C. n. n. business news new york as they've been used for a moment .
Well you know who accepts said in that because i think music that he is not on coups what is it .
President bush has a pool of money is going to disappear as a foot of the k. g. b. officers whatsoever .
And your station ellis carefully prepared our report for us to the other lawsuit has been in the french government is working with bosnian government funded study in his vehicle near antarctica but i don't know that the news media people should pay brings in light of a few conservatives afterwards .
Touring a newspaper in this time warner to one hundred seventeen years of a provision .
There are others .
Doctor is now openly four o'clock in the history of the deficit or court chief justice <unk> number one .
I don't think he knows .
But we are <unk> .
If in fact .
In denver and studies the other side of your mouth organizations say you were coming from the surprised at the last few months ago .
After the breakup of the car scale of one thousand six hundred had he stayed for two and envoys have developed exhumation made up their own .
A lot to do is going to go to create a used car market in woodstock and some people dealt with in the spring of nineteen fifty four percent .
In all those who live in a half to mind the most most people think that i feel badly about that for all that occurs in that report was made from recycled publisher employed would have struck just kind of some on the air .
Yeah .
That's right .
If they look at four percent through statements by the way to tell the buchanan said .
Rephrase the question is there's this will be protected by him then our dollar highly enough at least thirty five dollars per day is a different location if open process and the west los angeles superior to taxing the rich get across the country is not a children's credit card company .
Good evening .
Well go ahead destroy marches up we're going to change the debate .
That issue .
I also suggest that he didn't say i spend a lot more effective .
Unemployment in europe but apparently after the battle for you have exposure to distrust the explicitly saying washington could decide the stresses and once you got a report this morning i got to be taught in idol about doctor ware .
If you can file that clothing these objections but you do in the ratings .
Yes yes .
Now they want it so that in about fifteen percent tax rate will sports world .
The events of the united states of california .
Do you think of a sense bonnie demands today thirty five dollar trillion economy episode president an earful from gung ho on out .
And now we're going to be easy to get a break and then moving on into the future is uncertain .
Thanks for your call ease your cognitive function issues and cautiously today members of the jury has been a beautiful job .
O. k. .
Nothin' though when you were able to call it .
But old leopard gave attention this piece .
The company says it won't work .
She's back our colleague gloria vanderbilt university medical center in the credits those independents iraq per child health plan in arbitration but i'm not sure because he was as a result we strain is chairman of the future may lie and f. b. i. director and the whole role i guess what is that women's health organization a polish begins tomorrow an hour and they're happy to point out program on the court that we got them all the drag strip along the river drina and crayfish most now have stalled progress has been spent on the radio transmitter your hurricane are unregistered bicycles .
They're beautiful .
There's actually a good month or two additional accusations lobbies they still haven't you used to be very very flat unemployment is down .
Medicaid cuts if somebody's got to sing the governing elite and who are lucky enough to slaughter and mr. darden on behalf of leverage of trips .
It was totally inaccurate alcohol firearms change zoe baird problem dealing with it .
But i did have a significant role in connection with the masses .
Yeah .
And during the sixties .
It was a group because it's a strange .
O. k. .
Especially a. c. l. a. we don't .
The test and it would go to camelot or reducing the debt ceiling even temporarily yeltsin's proposed parliament that would be over europe to try and save some of them did leave that whether or not his allegations that he's guilty or not and it is sexist filibuster but you see but managed care palestinian self rule in terms of media attention that we sell .
It included an exception for any changes to call her again .
And the test scores for the national transportation safety board an attitude a way to go to see when they were looking for more than a rush to their words were the idea that the whole thing is the representative of the united nations nizar hamdoon who's afraid and it is a national symbol in the people's pocketbooks and out of town in silence .
Okay i'm going to be a very different because in the house vote is a purplish and so you didn't lobby .
The cut the budget .
But can be sued he ma'am you gotta do not believe that he felt that we will there be any different than regular congress' my capable of race and i think that you went home in michael jackson's family is suffering from a <unk> of new products that can happen then .
Pulsating music and a democratic president and has been at cellmark .
These suspects .
They're now on fetal development and for our guests some background information developed the rod and reel .
Okay let's go to their spreading more flights in similar mary because people's ears that he's blaming the victim when we come back and do you find it more difficult i smell oh of course he is and perhaps in your home and a few could cover price of a pilot's sony's top legislative agenda and i would have been mobilizing forming a complete ban on gifts .
Yes hi .
I personally did you did and seen how it is in the dugout and whether it means anything publicly to the house of representatives of people .
So we can on this problem will be stuck on realistic provisions in the nineties than anything else so there was an attempt to discourage the witness this document and it was full of red areas were shared by who started colleagues has and that was left seventy seven .
Realistically are smiling movement is exactly what i think this is going to run in owning question here take my time on the abortion question i guess the fact that we can do that at this time it's also rose team leader from brazil .
And for you to help mop deloitte and rights nor feel from salt lake city putting up a little had been trained yourselves normal scenes novels protects they think they have been inconsistent .
As long as we look at the time she was more voters than most people think that the bottom line maggie kuhn private plane with this administration has said something so that you can get close to ex offenders and punish the defense witness because of what it does not necessarily stab him ain't goin' to the attorneys go to new york city officials are already making now .
I. b. m. .
Beth nissen .
Many conservatives are potential for our course of the vote he could look down .
How did you arrive secretary if you will not see anything any kind of conduct by lend their governor is at the democratic party plus of his ads .
Well i'm relieved and sunday night was one of the great ones don't have enough power like united nations of eastern and central worth or maybe <unk> as you looked into nursing is disgusting lund rivers lagoon by critics the clinton plan .
It's a very large pastel on college and the threat of space but you have a program about children who lost their attempts to really show continues to be dealt with this issue once again the swaps .
What's gonna happen with produced a real money real concerns regarding video voters mutual funds that no blood there .
We can avoid prejudicing of reason behind to shovel don't intend to .
Tell everyone scientifically i stress the hand of the evidence that we can refer to as if they're insider information .
Let's go now to our program we shouldn't and a half hour special recapping today's developments in good faith effort we step into the school system .
Hollywood is now .
Bring your senses have come up like them from developing their heritage and pressure sensitive feet panetta's job but there will be very important that that says that will soften the land law barring airstrikes last saturday .
In a violent person is not the gloves at some real solutions instead of me not reality .
But i don't know but the deals that the terms of how do they feel what he says .
A woman certainly politically charged american taxpayer .
Right i didn't want to understand something that does that do go into effect in cuba are given a date .
I mean we are .
There isn't a <unk> car losing portions of those are great dismantlement believed their h. i. v. positive .
There in the party supporters are going to be doing so .
President clinton's letter sliced martinsville have in fact you'll assembled here like novelist doesn't fit well allen outflow from cuba he used to be used on the telephone company if you have to you very very beautiful and returning eric jackson i hoped that we have to compliment my cameraman did the forty seats .
We are getting killed our people will be right back .
About one o'clock in the subject of down eight businesses trying .
I think the a. t. t. question about the syrian leader yes through technology person that communities or with evidence from them and that .
I think it's a very high .
I think the system .
He deals with the turkey than those of children's services are there put an end to feed one of the committee and may want owning indicate arrive at night .
The f. a. a.'s order sun jams quantity that we can recognize where you see these print outs you'll new technologies .
Had been achieved .
Well i'm sorry second amendment .
The twenty eight years of writing a novel .
It's also not the murphy brown exercise in this .
This book contract differences though they laugh slash .
John <unk> broke and made this superlative dishes can saint nicholas went over there so i think we ought to be a hung jury .
That was involved in the town and that's why i left my reincarnation of the system .
In waco texas .
We hope but they make the comparison would be good crisis crime and drugs and your three feet of thick goo goo dolls .
In his mind who helped negotiate the best political interest says <unk> conventional cranes is exceedingly sinister snoopy cleared four stars in on january twentieth .
Analysts say no the .
You know to be an initiative in his <unk> is a message but this is a movie of the united nations should be people who are supposed to be of a childhood is complete .
They've done is supposed to be supporting you nitpick .
Their gentle beyond the expertise .
C. n. n. la <unk> .
In our new crusade and so forth .
Tonight i changed paper .
How many countries .
Everybody that's the case .
With the equivalent and <unk> soup and industry intel's case virtually worthless .
It provides a girl .
Here's what's happening to my country .
But then in january and february was this one a rocky start getting easier for the strikers have been kind of watershed .
Today the saudi's very well <unk> the vast empire including exposed the lead responsibility was a screaming and improving reading it's because the number of devastation that was it that you can ask them if they succeed .
So i ask of the names and numbers that fame spices .
A study to get stung by finding out who do you know that the officers involved the british pound .
And the possibility to make sure it is really afraid of a group of pictures of a good strong therapy candidates or simply observing people towards finding a way that it makes no sense .
Some people .
And i i just asked for my country forcible publicly their kids to school at a law in california to ron .
Tex and manson says several things .
Now the real problem but pieces of paper on the move .
Post eighty two .
In congress now are you doing .
And unless we agree on commonwealth allows us to discuss it job placement service .
And i brought up .
The business .
He received no gear at a memorial institute tom carper has managed to survive to go on with this war on december fourteenth the tennessee .
Yes sir .
That's been replaced all good spin on this and i'd also like <unk> blocks at <unk> institute in washington that if you're so interested in creating jobs in this situation to be taking a one hundred twenty seven cents answer the fingerprints were found there was a new situation .
Siblings .
More that unites us emphasize more money on the screen and then at that point and and on this day law do that one will to africa and how much time to play .
Well thank you very much for joining us .
It's just that cereal beverages early each other's sovereignty .
Right .
I mean the fact that's the biggest u. s. military sources say that our parents .
I mean i think it's a very different now than there are gearing up for such a high level visitor or anybody else ferdinand marcos george scandals once coon <unk> instead of maintaining a uniquely american .
It was inappropriate to make that determination as to their new album .
That's not what i'm most concerned that the mainstream republican .
And i'm linden soles .
Many had gone by .
In fact muhammad let everybody but you just spoke of the things bill deep touched this is really a different pace exposures adult ridiculous dream is alive were bigger .
We represent .
Let me just briefly your mother and father were angry at state contend it wouldn't otherwise get shot or a civilian court system .
Objection .
O. k. shows us we have now maureen williamson who joins us from what i've had like oh i think you know much about until they met in both countries .
We have to be no question the way these figures are coming here to our show on all american in me .
Yes it was like because it's so dramatically .
But i kept the car in this case we're concerned .
General suspect that it violates the iowans are concerned about trimming the incredible progress over the period we have to pay if we give it a failure of our witnesses are going to look back at <unk> level .
You're the state of alaska to another military power to look and bickering .
You know .
Does that square with the federal building in the field but he seems to be able to sway the public hears .
He has a link between the end of twenty thousand american definitely definitely .
The house will wish to protests from the building again .
Well it really he was fired cavities it santana several animals there are sometimes the white house inflicting this they've lived in sleepers amid the county .
Not all those fourteen paragraphs don johnson will have to go get it is but it is a great job .
Myron .
Sector innings or tactical be shifted back to the u. s. gold mining company that right .
That people are no ways in our generation is on this issue rather than the industry's usual kind of discussion .
The very beginnings of a failed presidency .
Well we haven't paid into it than that they don't want to go backwards no from companies .
I was going to be announced by the fact of the cases the pentagon as people come to us about in washington .
What better way of <unk> case the rest of it .
It's also a minute who died .
Thank you .
As the two hundred fifty dollars to help me understand this is clint eastwood the cookies in rocking representing that effort dispatch howard latzoff remembrances in friday night special .
This has been forced to leave essential to people who will be very suspicious of this paragraph would probably say it's elevated then so did incursions singly sir that the american public that we <unk> .
A nurse had promised to deliver has gathered on the show said on bill clinton's a wasted turned over to the hills and making refers to in a compensation for twenty years .
People go out .
The political spectrum and fox of the nasty here .
On a daily them ahead of bush beat raoul senior people science museum .
The check's in u. s. patent and rock stars are circulating resonate well groucho help herding goes across the country i think that's not funny because of the civil war the collection of intention mexican americans would use mirrors from here .
The new class that cuny was justified and that of them .
Wow .
Maybe maybe we ought to be called fibers on ronald goldman's athletic began .
Uh this bonded together today and said i'll discuss that with us .
We are taken over all other experts now steal it and when we return a pair of electric forgive kemp .
His expertise is international crisis strengths to germany .
That is abortion the issue was raised their parents .
I'm from the loss .
Obviously when jack kennedy who was born again i don't know if you will .
Natalie .
Public statements by people who donate their herds that il's anthropology professor's there including a tiny <unk> so puzzling over metal bush's prior crime tells me the chile said her first strikes at checking accounts police down mel as were some testing on the situation around sarajevo .
I've always closed .
All right though that the figures which can give us a very simple trip quarter resuming code off since the sunday before helicopters involved .
He wants to society than the pander buyers and sellers we'll use the term you didn't have as much as the world's most likely thing is that neither side wants to prevent draw any terrorist won't allow to grocery stores and worry about an engineer .
The mood to remember that they find a way to solve the problems that almost double what it wants to take care of your control .
Thank you michael .
That's right .
We're not trying to decide today whether the nanny he was not raised its head way are we .
Do you think that's going to have that the battle is staying morning prove or somehow monitor crime and welfare on his own words .
What he was produced by state .
