When israel and the palestine liberation organization signed an autonomy agreement last month the world wondered aloud if these two centuries old mortal enemies could come to terms for peace what about some of the other long standing disputes around the world could these too be settled in northern ireland the conflict is referred to simply as the troubles .
Tensions between the catholic minority and the protestant majority go back centuries .
After hundreds of years of on again off again political accommodations fighting erupted between protestants and catholics in nineteen sixty eight and in the quarter century since more than three thousand people have been killed .
In fact it's been characterized as the worst ongoing conflict in any western democracy since world war two .
Then late last month john hume a member of parliament from northern ireland and gerry adams president of sinn fein the political wing of the irish republican army two of northern ireland's most influential catholic leaders who happen to be on opposite ends of the political spectrum had come to an agreement for the groundwork for a peace process .
Mark <unk> reports for the irish times of dublin .
<unk> two and one half years reporting in northern ireland and he joins us now .
Good morning .
Hello there .
Can you tell us exactly what it was that john hume and gerry adams have agreed to .
Well nobody is quite sure yet .
They had talks in secret for about three months before anybody found out they were talking .
It was something like indeed the israeli p. l. o. talks where nobody knew they were going on until they were at an advanced stage .
But they have agreed some kind of a joint statement a joint nationalist statement if you like which they are now bringing to the irish government and bringing to the british government and seeking their approval .
But really the details of it aren't known yet but the aim of it is for john hume who represents if you like the majority view within catholic nationalist opinion to persuade the minority view which supports the i. r. a. that there is an alternative political way forward so i presume it's some kind of statement saying that for the first time nationalist opinion in northern ireland is united behind a political program and there is no need to express that political opinion violently any more .
Do you have any idea where they were able to find some common ground .
I mean this has been going on for so long and sinn fein has never really been a part of the political process because they refuse to renounce violence .
How is it that these two could find some common ground .
I think the root of it may be a realization within sinn fein that the violent campaign isn't going anywhere .
You know i. r. a. violence has been going on for twenty five years .
As you said in your introduction over three thousand people have been killed during that time .
And yet they are no nearer today to their stated aim of a united ireland than they were twenty five years ago .
So sinn fein people have been saying have been hinting at this kind of thing in public they have been talking about modifying their aims saying maybe we don't want a united ireland .
Maybe we'll agree to have some phased withdrawal .
Maybe we would agree if the british government said well in thirty years time we might want a united ireland .
' so basically there have been signs within sinn fein that they're flexible that they may be looking for a way out of violence .
And i think it is that changed mood which has lead to the optimism for these present talks .
The british government's secretary for the north sir patrick <unk> said last week that he would be willing to negotiate with the i. r. a. under certain conditions .
One should assume perhaps that one of these conditions would be the <unk> of violence .
Yes it's interesting the british government has in fact changed the tone of what it says rather than what it actually says .
For most of the time of the troubles they have said we won't talk to the i. r. a. or sinn fein because they're involved in violent acts .
Now they're simply saying the logical corollary of that is that is of course if they stop supporting and being involved in those violent acts we would talk to them .
So by sinn fein president gerry adams saying that he's thinking of <unk> the i. r. a. from long held articles of faith he could be responding to what the british government is saying .
Yes i think the long held articles of faith he wants to redirect them away from are more the simplistic belief that we can have a united ireland tomorrow or next year .
You know i think they've realized that things aren't as simple as that .
There is a protestant union in this community in northern ireland that has to be persuaded of the <unk> of this .
They certainly won't be persuaded by a continuation of i. r. a. violence .
So i think you know people like gerry adams are getting more sophisticated in their political outlook .
They're saying we'll have to settle for something less perhaps than a united ireland .
We can settle for some form of joint authority over northern ireland for example between you know with the british and irish governments jointly running northern ireland .
Or settle for some other ingenious structure which nobody has actually articulated yet .
But you know i think they're basically re examining the simplistic view that we have to have a united ireland or nothing .
What about ian paisley who leads the democratic unionists .
He basically wants nothing to do with anything that gerry adams or sinn fein would have to propose regardless of what it is .
How do you convince someone like him to get involved in the talks since now he says it doesn't matter he's not going to talk with gerry adams .
I don't think someone like him can be convinced .
I mean doctor paisley represents i think the most strident and most well known voice of <unk> outside ireland .
But he still represents very much a minority .
I mean two thirds of unionists vote for the official unionist party which is generally regarded as more moderate and reasonable than ian <unk> party which is called the democratic unionist party .
So he's very strident and very vocal .
He says he'll never talk to sinn fein .
But he still represents only a minority within unionist opinions .
Is it just the death toll that seems to be persuading people now to start talking or is there something else going on .
I mean this peace has really been elusive in northern ireland for a very very long time .
Why now .
I think it's not so much the death toll .
I mean three thousand deaths sounds like a lot which of course it is but over twenty five years with maybe eighty or ninety being killed in any one year people get used to it .
You know you can live a normal life in northern ireland and not come across any manifestation of the violence or the troubles at all .
So it's not so much the death toll as the effect on society .
You've had sort of a stagnant and divided society for twenty five years .
I think it's more the realization on both sides that holding on to old long held articles of faith without any flexibility aren't going to get us anywhere .
There is still a lot of pessimism .
You know we have seen political initiatives come and go in the past .
This one has raised a certain amount of hope but we could well be talking in two months time about another political initiative which had failed you know .
There's a long way to go yet .
What do you think are the main obstacles to this particular initiative .
The big question is whether the two main nationalist parties those represented by john hume on the one hand and gerry adams on the other can come up with any proposal which has any chance of being acceptable to unionists .
I mean because that's the question you were asking earlier about ian paisley .
It's very hard to see any nationalist agenda even if it stops short of a united ireland which could find acceptance with any body of unionist opinion .
I think that is the main obstacle in the long term .
Mark <unk> reports for the irish times of dublin .
Thank you very much .
O. k. .
