Another anxious day on wall street .
Investors bracing for tomorrow's unemployment report .
The dow jones industrials slipping for the fourth day in a row .
The dow losing eleven point seven eight .
The dow tonight at three thousand seven hundred seventy five point five six .
Volume moderate two hundred seventy one million shares .
Declining issues again beating out advancers and the composite index fell zero point four three while the s. and p. dropped one point one six .
The dow transports continued its slide down five point one two .
The utilities fell a faction down zero point one three .
The nasdaq composite lower for the fourth session in a row .
Its losses for the week now total twenty points .
Today off two points to close at seven hundred forty four point one nine .
Volume two hundred seventy million shares .
The american exchange composite four hundred fifty three point six oh at the close a gain of two point four nine .
Volume almost eighteen million shares .
Tonight's moneyline movers led by t. j. x. slipping more than two dollars a share .
The parent of t. j. <unk> reporting sluggish same store sales in september .
Another retailer punished for weak september sales kohl's the midwestern department store chain .
Its stock down three dollars a share .
<unk> rising three dollars and fifty cents a share .
The information processing company upgraded by merrill lynch .
And first alert soaring three dollars and fifty cents on strong earnings projections .
The maker of smoke and gas detection systems is up almost sixty percent since the death of <unk> <unk> focused attention on carbon monoxide poisoning .
And chiron losing two and three eighths .
A. g. edwards downgraded the company saying its management is not accessible enough .
Chiron declined any comment .
Well apple down one and five eighths on profit taking after yesterday's sharp rise fueled by takeover speculation .
Checking other widely <unk> boeing up an eighth .
The company saying engines for its new seven hundred seventy jetliner will have to be redesigned because of a slight defect .
Aetna gaining zero dollars and fifty cents a share among the thirty insurance companies to reach a thirty six million dollar settlement to end the long running anti trust suit brought by twenty <unk> general .
A. t. and t. down five eighths announcing a plan to cut rates for low income customers if the government eases some regulations on long distance pricing .
And kmart down a half dollar .
The company warning it will post yet another earnings decline in the third quarter its seventh in a row .
Well still ahead here on moneyline the second time is the charm for the man named to become the next chairman of the new york stock exchange .
That story next on moneyline .
The new york stock exchange has chosen a new chairman of the board .
Richard <unk> currently the exchange's president and chief operating officer will replace william donaldson who is not seeking a second term .
<unk> was passed over for the job in nineteen ninety one .
He's a twenty six year exchange veteran ringing the closing bell today and later met on the floor with traders .
Well securities and exchange commission chairman arthur levitt today took his arguments to the house saying the senate by refusing to pass a bill to fund the s. e. c. is costing taxpayers millions of dollars and levitt says the loss of filing fees from big corporations will hit ten million dollars by the end of this week .
Myron kandel joins me now and he is really steamed at what he calls the senate stupidity .
Strong words myron .
Not strong enough lou .
Not only are those <unk> in the u. s. senate <unk> up the work of the s. e. c. but they're now taking money out of our pockets .
That's because by blocking s. e. c. funding they're costing the u. s. treasury meaning eventually all of us taxpayers big bucks .
S. e. c. chairman arthur levitt tells me that yesterday alone the lost fees totaled four point five million dollars .
It's a bit complicated but stick with me .
The funding bill for last year raised the fee for filing new securities issues to one twenty ninth of one percent .
But without a new bill the fee <unk> to the old one fifty th of one percent as of monday .
Small potatoes .
No way .
Nobody wants to pay more than they have to so companies are rushing to register securities at the lower rate .
Is it worth the rush .
Chrysler financial registered eighteen billion worth and saved a neat two point seven million dollars .
Its savings our loss .
Why couldn't the s. e. c. just hold off approvals until the old fees were back in place .
I raised that question with levitt who responded <unk> the last thing i would ever do he said is tamper with a capital formation system that's such a vital cornerstone of our <unk> unfortunately that's something members of the u. s. senate don't seem to worry about .
Shame on them lou .
Any sign of a quick resolution .
Number .
Well they heard you tonight .
I'm sure that that's changed in just the last moment .
Hope so .
All right .
Thanks .
Well that's moneyline for this thursday evening and thank you for being with us .
Tomorrow night here will be labor secretary robert reich .
We'll be talking about tomorrow's unemployment report .
That's tomorrow night .
Please join us .
Thanks for being with us tonight .
