The national rifle association is under fire at its meeting this week in nashville tennessee .
N. r. a. membership is at an all time high but so are questions concerning its historic opposition to gun control in the wake of recent violence near waco texas .
Yet visit a firing range and you're likely to find more people learning to shoot many are women .
Is this a new trend or a new profit center for gun makers .
A look from c. n. n.'s loretta <unk> .
Fear is driving many women to the firing line fear of assault .
You're at some place dark and somebody is walking towards you and you know it could happen so quickly .
And pro gun lobbies are helping women deal with their fears by offering them information on self protection .
But gun control advocates accuse the firearms industry of merely marketing fear to women .
I don't want to use it but if anybody threatened me or my family i don't think i'd hesitate .
And for many that means packing protection that's easy to reach .
If you feel like you're in danger just pull it right out .
Enrollment figures confirm women are stepping up to the firing line for instruction but there's little concrete evidence to support the perception that more women are buying guns .
And of the women who have purchased firearms most say it's for protection .
There again perception and reality may not mix .
The national rifle association says roughly seventeen million women own guns and the number is growing .
But one independent study shows female handgun ownership over the past decade has remained fairly constant .
But many women don't purchase their own guns or admit owning them at all .
My husband got into it for a hobby more or less and then decided that he was traveling a lot and it was probably a good idea that i had a gun at home .
And i'm sometimes out in the middle of the night in my car .
I work in my car .
While carjackings have grabbed recent headlines government statistics indicate the violent crime rate against women has declined since nineteen eighty two .
They pull their gun out and they're not sure what to do and the gun gets taken away from them .
So that's quite .
That's why law enforcement recommends women learn how to properly handle their guns .
I'm not going to make anybody annie oakley in three days .
The biggest thing that i try to do more than anything in the world is give them the confidence in their ability to use the gun if they have to .
I have a lot of respect for a gun because it's very powerful but i feel like i can handle it now .
