The diet business it is claimed is just like the snake oil business and does about as much good .
Live from c. n. n. new york intelligent talk for intelligent people with doctor sonya friedman .
Hello again .
Are you on a diet right now .
What kind .
Low fat .
No fat .
Weight watchers .
Jenny craig .
Nutri slash system .
There's been endless debate over what works best and whether any of them work at all and now there are new accusations that the whole diet business is a scam .
Kathleen thompson is a lifelong <unk> and co author of a new book feeding on dreams and she says that not only are most diet plans destined to fail but that the industry uses the failure and the guilt to get your money .
Quite a claim .
Now you went underground you did an investigation what led you to make that claim .
Well the investigation that we did was based on a lot of studies by a lot of other people and then a lot of interviews we did hidden camera undercover work and what we discovered is that the bottom line is that there is no long term weight loss on these programs .
Four out of five people who go into the programs lose no weight at all .
They pay their money and get nothing .
Of those who do lose some weight one out of ten keep it off for as much as two years and in the independent study we looked at for permanent weight loss they considered that seven years .
Only one out of fifty of those are able to maintain it so we're talking about one out of two hundred fifty people who go in spend money sometimes thousands of dollars have any long term weight loss .
But are you saying that that is the fault of the different diet programs or are you saying that people don't seem to have the capacity to follow the directions or the plans that are given to them .
It's the fault of the programs .
They're based on outdated and old fashioned ideas about weight control that have been exploded for at least twenty years .
A reduced calorie diet doesn't work and everyone knows now that it doesn't work .
In order to change your weight permanently you have to change the weight your body wants to be your set point .
Okay but are you saying there is something inherent within the business aspect of this itself that <unk> or distorts or suggests to people that they are capable of going to a place that they're really not .
Oh absolutely .
What the diet centers promise what the diet programs promise is that they will take care of your weight loss your weight problem .
Until recently they did claim long term weight loss but the f. t. c. made an agreement with them that they would no longer advertise that .
But it is the programs promise something they simply can't deliver and frequently the methods of selling it are very open to question .
Are some worse than others or are they all equally bad .
Well they're all equally ineffective and in terms of the bottom line .
Some are worse than others in terms of their sales techniques .
The fasting programs for example don't need to sell .
They're operated out of hospitals doctors and are usually prescribed by doctors and paid for by our health insurance .
So generally you would say snake oil to all of the above and to the programs .
But our next guest doesn't agree with that at all .
Joseph <unk> is a vice president are nutri slash system diet clinic and as you have listened to what kathleen says i would have to say to you what is your diet going to do for me that i can't do for myself without paying any money after .
Well sonya thank you for having us here today .
I'd like to first of all indicate that the book that was written feeding on dreams is based on several dozen interviews in a few nutri slash system centers with a few or a few diet centers possibility some nutri slash system centers and does not represent the system .
There are thousands of counselors out there today and in years past and there are several thousand diet centers out there today so i think we have to look at this book in the reference of what it was written based on and that was a few dozen interviews with a few .
Well let's forget the book for just a moment if i may cause i'd like to know what is your success rate .
I mean make the positive statement for yourself and for nutri slash systems .
What can you do .
Yes let me say that the programs of the weight management programs of the eighties do not have long term success rates .
They do though i think have laid the foundation for a new generation of programs that you will see come into existence in the nineties .
Okay but first of all you agree with her then that in fact the weight loss programs that have been in business presented something that they really could not deliver which was come to our program pay the money and we're going to teach you how to take off weight forever .
They didn't do that you agree .
No no i absolutely do not agree .
In fact i believe the history of the industry is such that there were programs like nutri slash system that were based on sound science that help people that benefit .
Well do you have the numbers .
That were based on sound science to help people reduce their calorie intake cut back on their fat and motivate them to start exercising .
Well if that's the case then i would think you would have had to have a very low recidivism rate .
You're suggesting that every year brand new people came into the program and people who went through the program did not stay out of it because they were successful .
Is that what you're saying .
No not at all .
In fact what we see are consumers with multiple reasons for why they have a weight problem and the programs of the eighties addressed the behavioral aspects of losing weight and where the companies of the nineties are headed and that's nutri slash system is headed in a direction where we're building health promotion into the program to make it an integral part and .
Doctor i want to be sure of one thing .
If you are completely successful you would put yourself out of business right .
Successful in what sense .
Helping people change their lifestyle .
Well if everybody who walks in the front door is able to lose weight and keep it off after they walk out the back door you will be so successful that you will have put them on the path and allowed them to walk away from your door .
No not necessarily .
Consumers it's a life long change .
So they need to keep coming back for life .
No no not at all .
Weight change is part of an overall behavior pattern and lifestyle change which takes time for people to change .
People go through stages of change and when they come into nutri slash system or any other weight loss program they're starting out learning the proper what we provide is the proper education on nutrition and sound dieting we provide a personal plan of action that they can follow once they leave the program .
And a food system that's kind of one for all as many of the centers really provide .
We're going to get a chance to hear more about your particular system and some of the new things that we're doing but what we're really asking is weight loss interminable .
A life time plan .
That means that diets don't work or do they .
We'll find out more when we continue right after this .
So which is it is the weight loss industry empowering or exploiting the customer .
Diane epstein <unk> co author and former nutri slash system counselor says that there are very few people that these diets work for .
Barbara levine is a <unk> at <unk> medical school and she says that this particular book is full of medical misinformation .
Like what doctor levine .
Well the fact that they say that being overweight is not a health hazard is a real problem .
I mean there's overwhelming evidence from the n. i. h. consensus panel in nineteen eighty four as well as numerous studies that show that being overweight is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease for cardiovascular disease related to <unk> hypertension cancer .
So do you see people going to these kinds of programs then .
I do see people go into these kinds of programs and i don't think we can link or put all these programs together .
There are some very bad programs and there are some very good programs .
For instance weight watchers .
It's really the gold standard .
It's based on the american heart association recommendations the national cancer <unk> recommendations all the recommendations that we as nutritionists are doing and i'm doing as a researcher as well .
All right .
Doctor levine you may know that weight watchers did not agree to appear with us on this program and did in fact suggest you as a guest and since we've brought up weight watchers let me go to diane epstein and say this .
Diane epstein it is now true that weight watchers which has been purchased by another company offers a food program which it did not in the past and so it too is part of this food program about kind of eating food that's set for you one package for everyone although there are some individual choices .
How do you see that in terms of giving people a start in learning how to eat properly .
I think it's counterproductive because i think that people have to start where they are right now and that is philosophically one of the biggest issues i have with diet .
You take someone and try to turn their eating habits around immediately it isn't diet and it is going to <unk> in the end and the <unk> going to come back .
Now doctor levine isn't it true that all diets fail .
I mean that happened to have been the name of a book diets don't work but in fact unless you're going to change for a life time program which would mean indeed as i said to joe then i'm finished with you .
Thanks for doing your job and goodbye forever as opposed to going through the revolving door as so many people do one diet program after another .
Well i've spent my whole career talking about disease prevention and it's breast cancer it's heart disease it's colon cancer and they're all related to being overweight and i have great success with my patients in clinical research trials at the <unk> cancer prevention clinic we empower people .
We can't change their potential if they are at risk for cancer but we can tell them if you change your dietary habits possibly lose small amounts of weights now i'm only talking about ten to fifteen percent of weight .
So where are you in this argument .
I'm a little bit confused .
I'm i think that well i think that we have been successful .
I think that there have been disappointments in terms of treatment modalities .
I think there has been a high degree of recidivism but the message should be that we should not give up .
It is a life time concern and we need a multi disciplinary approach with medicine with nutrition with psychology to try and help people change these behaviors but certainly obesity really does affect one's health and longevity .
Kathleen is dying to get into this conversation .
Go ahead .
Well we really agree with the idea of a multi disciplined approach to the question of weight management and we don't believe that weight watchers or nutri slash system or jenny craig or any other of the programs out there is providing that .
For one thing whatever mr. <unk> says about the programs of the eighties and the nineties his company is still selling food .
That is where they make their money .
They cannot .
Why do we need your food .
I know how to go to a grocery store .
I can read labels .
They've made it simple for me now .
Your food is expensive sixty five dollars a week .
I don't want to sp <unk> end that .
Well it's doctor <unk> but .
Sorry .
But your facts are wrong as some of the facts are in your book .
Nutri slash system has changed .
In fact in january of this year we just launched a brand new program with johnson and johnson health management .
We are providing a comprehensive program designed by johnson and johnson the health care giant through our centers and i hope to share that program with you during this program .
Well do that a little we'll talk about that .
And that program is comprehensive in design and it focuses on nutrition and lifestyle change .
It is designed to get long term benefits so i disagree strongly with your facts and i believe the industry has adjusted to the facts of the eighties and is providing quality services .
Are you still selling food .
Sixty five dollars for the food for the week .
Closer to eighty dollars .
The food averages about three dollars to four dollars a meal or about sixty nine dollars per week and that in addition to grocery foods fruits vegetables and <unk> milk .
So it's now i also have to purchase other things from the grocery store and i ask you again that is not typically what i would give you as my weekly allotment for a for one person for groceries .
Why should i give you that just to put things in a package for me .
It also takes away from my independent learning skills doesn't it doctor .
Well i think what we've learned is that there are consumers who need the program the way it's designed today .
There are however consumers coming in on the new program with johnson and johnson health management where they would prefer to have a mix of some nutri slash system foods and some grocery foods so we have begun to change the program now to give consumers more options on the food side of the program and i think what you're going to see moving forward is that customers will come in they will join the program they will get all the counseling they need and they will get the program that they need for them which could be a combination of .
I want to go to doctor levine .
As i continue to hear this and you're doing very well if i were going to hire a salesman for nutri slash systems you're the guy .
I mean you clearly are doing that and you make it sound as though it's reasonable but i'm here to <unk> through all this kind of stuff and to try to find out what is factual .
Doctor levine why in a day and age when we are promoting fresh foods and we're taking a look at how things are packaged would anyone suggest if i'm looking at health and something that's balanced to buy a packaged designed food .
Well i agree with that .
I think that we can do it on our own certainly with fresh foods and that's what i'm trying to teach individuals trying to teach people about the old fashioned diets the mediterranean diet for instance as it appeared in past decades .
That's much more helpful .
But i want to be fair .
I want to know if i can justify that because i'm going to tell you straight out .
But in the supermarket though there are many options a fat free this and low fat this and it's not very different from nutri slash system .
But might there be some people who frankly need in order to get started the control taken out of their hands so that they can have no choices cause choices get them in trouble and as someone who's studied this in your career would there be a segment of the population for whom is the right thing .
Absolutely .
I think you hit on it .
We have individual differences in obesity .
We have a whole huge psychological arena out there .
We're going to get back to that and what i'd really like because i doubt that there is a woman here who hasn't been on diets let me assure you i am one of them and have tried many of these .
Some of them work because it's my head that makes the decisions about whether that will happen .
What about you .
Your experiences men and women .
The diet business is it just that or has it worked for you two one two six four three zero zero seven seven our number for you .
It's said that there is a sucker born every minute and a large proportion of us go on diets .
Well what would happen if there wasn't anyone in the diet business .
Let's take some calls as we go to <unk> in florida .
Welcome <unk> .
Hi this is <unk> .
Yes .
I just wanted to relate just quickly an experience that i had with nutri slash system .
I've been on nutri slash system and weight watchers .
I'm about twenty pounds overweight and i actually lost the twenty pounds with nutri slash system and then gained it back three months later because i couldn't get along without eating packaged food and when i tried weight watchers i just got depressed because i didn't want to like go in in front of a lot of people and get weighed .
What finally worked for me was throwing out the diet learning how to eat fresh fruit and eat small portions and walk and exercise everyday and that is what's helped me the most .
I just wanted to say that it was psychologically crippling and demoralizing for me to keep failing at diets and when i finally took it into my own hands and actually got in touch with a support group and started exercising things got a lot better .
I just wanted to share that that it really hurt me more than helped me when i went on these diets and failed .
Now diane i think that that is the purpose of your book .
Yes it is and i really applaud the person who called in .
I think that the statistics about long term success are people who do exactly that .
Not only do they throw out the diets but the thing that diet programs focus on which is weight weight on the scale rather than fitness healthy eating those are not the focus even if the company states it on paper .
It doesn't filter down that way .
Let's let doctor <unk> respond .
Diane i suggest that you go into a nutri slash system center immediately after this show and you learn more about the new program that we just launched this spring .
Consumers now coming in get a full <unk> health plan a plan of action they get education and they get guidance and support so i believe the companies of the eighties will change and nutri slash system has taken the first step in that direction .
Kathleen .
I think that if we were really talking about getting that kind of counseling and that kind of education then we must be talking about highly qualified counselors and i would like to ask doctor <unk> what the qualifications for his counselors are .
Now when we studied for the book we found out that a nutritional counselor could have any nine hours of class college credit in nutrition and a behavioral counselor any nine hours in psychology .
That means they could have taken art therapy in child psych .
If we're going to have people who are prescribing healthy programs do we have people that are qualified to do it .
That's quite a challenge .
And a great question and i'm proud to say that nutri slash system right now is the only company that has a registered <unk> available by phone through an eight hundred number for every customer on the program number one .
Her question was the counseling .
Number two is the nutri slash system counselors have all been re trained as of this spring jointly together with nutri slash system and johnson and johnson health management to launch their products through our centers .
But we're confident that .
I'd like to respond .
Diane you were in this program for a while .
I really would like to respond in terms of the interviews i got from people who worked not only at nutri slash system but at jenny craig and any one of the other diet programs .
Their training in fact the last question on the questionnaire was have you read any of these books covert bailey's book fit or fat things that if you were in this field you would have knowledge of .
Secondly even if there is an eight hundred number the amount of time that the counselor is spending with a client they may never get through to that eight hundred number .
In other words it's five or ten minutes and this person needs to be very qualified and i feel even stronger from the psychological aspect because the other thing that our interviews revealed is that most people are repeats .
They are chronic dieters and they already are having psychological problems in their relationship with food .
I think this is important .
Let me stop you at this point to go to doctor epstein with this uh to go to doctor levine with this .
You know as we talk about this is it really the diet or is it ourselves .
Is it a combination of factors about our motivation and staying motivated and is it the fact that we're willing to change how we live our life for life .
No i think it's all of the above but i think the most compelling reason and i've stated this before is the health aspects and the effects on longevity .
We at the <unk> <unk> cancer prevention program have shown that high risk women with breast that are at high risk for breast cancer colon cancer men with prostate cancer can actually <unk> the risk factors .
Yes but we're asking this question and we'll continue to ask this question doctor levine and we'll do it when we return does the average business of weight loss and diet respond to the very issue that you've just brought to our attention .
Here is our number .
It's two one two six four three zero zero seven seven .
Faced with lower profits the diet business is adjusting it's pitch .
Diets will work they say if you just work a little harder .
Selling weight loss my discussion on sonya live continues in just a moment .
The diet business comes under attack frequently because of the so called yo yo effect the fact that most dieters put the weight back on after they've finished the program .
And now the moment we have been waiting for .
Doctor joseph <unk> from nutri slash system has an answer for that .
We're going to get to see how this program is now individualized so .
Yes this is the new program i mentioned that nutri slash system launched in the spring of this year which again has a <unk> plan of action and which .
Feed it in there .
Feed it in here .
And it comes right back out .
It doesn't like your diet .
There are six of these cards one on health nutrition stress exercise and blood pressure and then a second health profile .
Each customer gets as part of their program this full series of <unk> profiles with the printout .
This is a program designed by johnson and johnson .
It's ten years based on fifteen years of research with data published in the journal of the american medical association .
Okay but what is it going to do for me .
I mean it looks fancy and it's certainly cutting edge technology now what is it going to tell me .
Well it's going to provide a health promotion component to what traditionally has been a weight management program .
Can i take a look at that .
Well the card i can see .
You have to fill out questions and you do that .
And then this <unk> for me .
This is a sample report .
My nutrition profile okay and it's going to tell me where i'm doing a terrific job and where i should change right .
But then isn't it up to me .
I mean it says limit cookies cakes <unk> and candy .
I knew that .
Of course .
I mean if i wanted to do that i would do it .
I want magic from you .
The beauty of this program it goes beyond general recommendations and makes specific recommendations of things that you need to work on and which really gets to the heart of why people fail .
People fail on programs because they don't have a <unk> plan .
This is a <unk> plan which is going to address your needs .
Yes but i have to then take this which can be any kind of wonderful information that you have here in terms of limiting sugar and in coffee and tea et cetera doctor levine and then what do i do with it .
It's up to me to apply it .
That's the question i keep coming back to .
It's absolutely up to you .
When you come to see a <unk> if you're not motivated or you come to a diet center of sorts if you're not motivated it's not going to work .
You have to have a good reason to lose weight whether it's for psychological cosmetic reasons health reasons you need to have that reason to really do it and you have to do it yourself .
That's the bottom line .
You do have to do it yourself .
You know more about your history and your problems with food than you're ever going to get from this printout which seems to be about as sophisticated as those makeup calendar ones where they do the color matching in the computers .
I mean this is .
I disagree .
Really you do know more .
I disagree .
I mean all of us who have been through this know more about ourselves .
But we're not very successful on our own kathleen i have to tell you and good support groups are <unk> .
This program was designed and tested over fifteen years on over thirty thousand employees within the johnson and johnson family of companies is now .
Who lost weight and kept it off as a result of this program right .
And is now available in .
Who lost weight and kept it off as a result of this program right .
No who've improved their lifestyle .
Who improved their life well that's a different message .
And made the correct steps they need to make now to keep the weight off .
Okay let's go to bruce in north carolina who joins us .
Welcome bruce .
Yes ma'am i just basically wanted to agree with you about the motivational aspects .
You can have the best equipment the best diet programs but unless you have the willpower to control what you put in your mouth and what type of foods whether they're <unk> balanced foods i like to eat a lot of clean foods low fat foods with the proper amount of <unk> and protein and i think unless you can scientifically control what you put in your body it's just like your body is a machine like a car and if you put the proper fuel in your body you will get the proper results that you want and if you don't have enough willpower to control what you put in your mouth how in the world do you think somebody a diet center can possibly give you the willpower or change your life if you can't even control what you put in your mouth .
Thank you very much .
Thank you for that .
We're going to go thanks for that call .
We'll go to cynthia in california now .
Welcome .
Hi sonya .
Yes .
I'm a yo yo <unk> .
I have been for years and what i finally discovered that it wasn't about willpower and it wasn't about dieting .
I surrendered and about two years ago i got into <unk> anonymous and i have lost all my weight and i've kept it off and i've maintained my weight and i'd just like to ask doctor <unk> i don't see how that box can address the issue of i'm a compulsive <unk> .
I have a disease and it's not about the food .
Thanks .
Well what you fail to realize is it's not the box .
It's the total program .
The program begins with the <unk> assessment .
The important aspect i think is the education and the support .
There is a full set of educational material that johnson and johnson has developed a full nutritional plan .
What i think consumers need is i think they need a <unk> plan of action for them that they can act on to move forward with .
Kathleen .
I would just like to say that they can get a <unk> plan either by doing it themselves with the information from for example from our book which they can check out at the library if they can't afford to buy it but the other thing is that there are individual weight control counselors like doctor levine like diane epstein .
They're all over the place and they can help you .
They can actually address your individual problems and cost you less than going to one of these diet centers and paying for this pre packaged food .
You can get help .
Yes many of us need help .
Sometimes it's a support group that's sufficient .
Sometimes a counselor is important but that help is available in places that are not going to .
Doctor levine what about the fat free foods .
I mean i have to tell you if there's one thing i have learned recently is that if it's fat free and if it's sugar free it also is taste free .
I am just shocked by what is coming out as food that has nothing to do with food as far as i am concerned and i'm concerned and i think others may be too that some of what we're eating is actually going to increase the amount of calories that we take in because it is not really true to what we need .
I looked at a lot of fat free products recently for another show and it was really funny because we found that the fat free one a cracker that was fat free as opposed to the traditional cracker actually had more calories .
Fat is not the it is the bottom line .
I mean it's the most concentrated source of calories but yet we have to think about the rest of the nutritional world and the recommendations .
You know of course what we've left out .
We've left out the whole issue of exercise .
We can't .
And i believe that in and out and you know susan <unk> has really done an incredible job for american audiences by telling us something that's quite simple .
It is that you breathe you eat and you move and gee you don't have to pay a lot of money for that information .
I just gave it to you .
Here we are at two one two six four three zero zero seven seven .
Weight loss what works anything .
Let's take a call and then we'll go to you diane .
I wanted to ask you a little bit about your affiliation with nutri slash systems .
Lana from california also had an affiliation .
Welcome lana .
Hi .
Yes .
I have been working for actually for nutri slash system incidentally for about three years and i just want to point out so many of the people that i see that come through the door really really need to be open to change and they need to be committed to make the change themselves and it's a very individual need but people really need to their minds need to be you know like an open door and be accepting of a lot of different ideas that perhaps their ideas hadn't worked in the past but you know i just get great satisfaction out of i really feel as though i help a lot of people from emotional issues psychological issues .
I do have a background i have a <unk> in nutrition a master's in health so i feel as though i have you know some a pretty good knowledge base but i just really think if people really need to be open and really need to make the change and the commitment themselves .
Now diane was also a nutri slash systems counselor and what were your feelings .
Did you feel you were helping people .
I really did not .
After i had been there for a while i felt that the profit motive was the most important thing and i guess i want to bring out a couple of points that i think we've overlooked here .
The woman who just called in how do you account for the fact that ninety eight percent of the people gain the weight back no matter what program it is .
We're not talking about nutri slash system .
We're talking about the diet industry in general and secondly the issue of exercise and movement basically movement is totally overlooked and it is one of the biggest problems .
If you want to talk about long range weight loss what you want to do is talk about a body that has more lean than fat and that isn't going to happen entirely by what you put in your mouth .
You burn up fat by moving your muscle .
That isn't a part of these programs because it doesn't make money it doesn't sell anything .
Barbara levine that's true isn't it .
I mean long term i have not seen one study that did not say that in order to maintain a weight loss you had to maintain an exercise program for life .
I think we all should be doing that for cardiovascular fitness for osteoporosis prevention but you and i for instance are approximately the same weight .
We're maintaining our weight at very low <unk> levels .
Unless we exercise it's going to be very hard for us to stay as thin as we want to be .
So you're absolutely right all of you saying that exercise is important and the psychological factors with exercise .
Kathleen .
About exercise i just wanted to say that i am i'm what i call an exercise resistant person .
I spent my whole life hating exercise and thinking that i was lazy so when people would say to me well you've got to exercise i would shut off completely and finally i learned that my exercise resistance was a lifetime of negative associations of bad experiences of painful experiences with exercise or sports and so forth .
Now after oh it took me about a year to get to the point where i do twenty minutes of stair stepping three to five times a week and i'd as soon go without taking a bath now as i would without doing my stair stepping but i want people to understand that this is not just something you do overnight a year to work up to twenty minutes is a long time and people need to do these things gradually incorporate them in their lives overcome their exercise resistance and the other thing is that this is a whole group of issues .
It's so easy to say lower the fat and get more exercise .
But we're talking about people who have emotional issues who have genetic issues .
Right .
You know i agree with that and i wonder if the diet business doesn't also have a place in some of that and i'll get back to that in a moment .
Liz from arizona with us now .
Hi liz .
Welcome .
Liz are you with us .
Yeah .
Go ahead .
Hi .
I just wanted to say that i have always been overweight all my life and now i just needed a place to start and it was five and a half years ago that i went to weight watchers and i've lost sixty seven pounds and i've kept it off .
I just need somebody to boot me in the butt to get me started all you know to do the right thing and so far it's worked .
I love it .
Okay the idea is that here is a woman who was successful but i think <unk> statistics are pretty clear and that is that there are very few people who can say that who can say that they have lost weight and kept it off for five years and i'm going to tell you that if oprah winfrey ever gives up her chef her personal chef who is there for her and who makes her food and basically .
I wish i had one .
Exactly .
I mean the idea is how many of us can really do this on our own .
Sonya one thing that i want to say that i know in terms of weight watchers looking at ten years past life time members which means that they have achieved a weight that's reasonable thirty seven to forty percent of those people have been able to keep their ideal body weight within five pounds .
I researched this whole area for these things .
This is .
She says she done the research kathleen .
I mean you've done a whole book about this .
What group is this .
Weight watchers .
No no what group of people within weight watchers .
The ones that had achieved ideal body weight or a reasonable body weight around .
Through weight watchers .
Yes .
So it is not of the people who go on weight watchers .
So it's a very small group within the weight watchers community that actually makes that body weight that ideal body weight .
No no .
But that's a it's a in preparation for this show i looked and i tried to see the success of many different programs .
I even started to think about my patients how many of them were successful and i really did the .
How many of them are successful .
You know i think we have to look at in a step wise manner and i like to try and do targets of not we have to lose forty pounds for you let's try to get you to lose one to two pounds per week perhaps or let's have a goal of lowering your cholesterol a certain amount or let's try and get your diabetes under control and the work that we're doing at <unk> we have shown that we can actually <unk> the risk of cancer and this is important .
Well i have to tell you something .
I think that diets are out .
I think that one of the things that the jenny craig program has shown very recently because it lost millions of dollars in the last quarter .
Dieting is a terrible four letter word .
Is that we are all going to decide what we want to do on our own and the question is why would anybody want to pay any amount of money to have anyone do this to you or for you .
<unk> is our number .
Well there it is all the food you want .
All you have to do is buy it from one of the diet programs .
Let's go to james in arizona .
Welcome .
Hello .
Yes .
I'm a psychologist and have been working in the weight loss industry for over twenty years hospital based programs research and i fully agree with kathleen thompson that not only diets are ineffective but all weight loss programs products services gurus and i've recently put out a book i call hugs from the refrigerator where i look at people who are long term successful .
Those who are long term successful did not become so until they gave up the weight loss industry .
Well that's a very interesting comment and really what our two co authors kathleen and diane have been saying .
In fact you even made a crack about the weight watcher fast start .
I thought that was supposed to be the best way to get you started on this .
Well no everyone wants to do this head start .
I'll do i'll just go on a diet for a little while to get a head start on my long term weight loss .
Well this is very much like going on a twenty mile hike and getting a head start by doing the first mile in a wind sprint .
Now it is it does exactly the opposite of what you want for on the long term .
It makes your body adjust to a lower calorie level it triggers the starvation response so that it's more difficult for you to eat healthy and <unk> food it's just completely counterproductive .
Let's go to linda in new york who's trying to decide what to do .
Linda .
Yes i've been extremely overweight my whole life and i've done you know every diet plan out there .
I found that the medical industry the doctors have been totally they just didn't want to deal with me at all and now i'm on weight watchers .
I've been on it for about two months and i've got myself a personal trainer so i'm exercising and the weight watchers is going all right it's just it's very hard because you know you just go there once a week and then you're left the rest of the week all alone to deal with you know because i do feel that i'm an addict and so the rest of the day you know for the whole week .
So if you had something where there was a counselor that you could call on an eight hundred number or something that would be beneficial to you .
You need more of a support system .
I think so .
And diane epstein how did you finally decided to lose weight or did you give up on that .
No i didn't give up and i go back to what doctor levine said .
I don't think kathleen and i are suggesting that people give up .
I think we're suggesting an entirely different approach to this and just to fill you in a little bit about myself i had weight problems from the time i was about ten years old i was put on diet pills very low calorie diets i did the whole route of that .
And how did you finally get to a point that you're comfortable if you are .
Okay .
I it took me kathleen talks about one year to get into the exercise it took me about four years to come down about sixty pounds .
Now that's not what a customer wants to hear a consumer but it's stayed off for eighteen years now .
I did it by making one small change at a time in both areas in food and in movement .
Let me go to doctor levine with that because i think that is something we all have to face .
I too want the quick start .
I've lost the same ten pounds over and over .
I'll bet you that i could produce if they would call us fax us e. mail us a thousand women in a matter of seconds who would say the exact same thing that i just did .
The question is .
And then i'd try it discourage patients .
I say it's a step wise progression similar to .
Well what's wrong with us that we're not willing to hear that .
We know the facts about .
Well you want to be in the national enquirer losing twenty five pounds in a week .
Overnight while i sleep if you want to know the truth .
But you're not you're losing fluid on diets like the atkins diet or the <unk> diet that's the diet that killed the doctor whatever diet it was but to really lose <unk> tissue we really have to limit our calories five hundred calories per day to lose that one pound per week .
It's very difficult to increase the exercise .
If only i could teach my hips to taste the chocolate cake i love .
I could just paste them on my hips and walk around with it .
I could be thin when i take that off .
Start with the quality not so much the quantity in terms of the calories but lower the fat increase the fiber get in those important nutrients that we're thinking about .
And i think we need to say that each of us is going to have to do this in our own way .
The truth is there is not one system whatever it happens to be for all and knowing more about your own style and working with someone that you appreciate and trust and then writing down your goal and seeing if you get the result that's the ticket to success .
Thanks for being with us .
I'll be right back .
Thank you for joining me today .
Now tomorrow phil donahue would like to show executions on t. v. .
Is this the ultimate in sensationalism or what do you think a deterrent to murder perhaps .
