Guns are a part of everyday life for commentator donald <unk> a sheep farmer in western virginia .
He says he needs them and he knows the weapons are designed for only one thing killing .
In nineteen ninety two i shot and killed nine animals three <unk> intent on destroying my wife's garden one rabid fox one rabid skunk two deer presently in the freezer and two old <unk> who were dying in pain .
I own two guns an old military rifle and a zero point two two bolt action .
Some years i kill more animals other years fewer .
Killing an animal does not make my day .
When i was younger in the marine corps i was a weapons instructor teaching marine recruits how to shoot .
Before they were allowed to fire their rifle each recruit was trained for eight weeks under strict discipline .
Each was a healthy highly motivated eighteen or nineteen year old with no access to whiskey or drugs .
But when they came to the rifle range they did not touch live ammunition unless a rifle coach like me was literally standing over them .
Extra bullets were collected before they stepped off the range and if a young marine were caught with a single live round in his possession away from the firing line he was promptly court <unk> .
You see the united states marine corps knew a secret about guns .
The marine knew that they are dangerous .
My hunting rifle <unk> a one hundred seventy grain bullet a third of an ounce of lead and brass at a speed of two thousand five hundred feet per second until the bullet encounters flesh or bone <unk> it expands producing what trauma doctors call a massive insult to the organism .
When i butcher a deer i've shot i cut away all the meat anywhere near the bullet wound .
You wouldn't want to eat it and neither do i. where the bullet has touched bone i discard that too .
The shards of those bones are too sharp for my dogs to eat .
I confess i don't understand most of the pro and anti gun arguments i read in newspapers .
Some people feel that no animal should ever be killed and for this reason all guns are unnecessary .
Pro gun arguments seem to equate unrestricted gun ownership with patriotism and constitutional rights .
When the marine corps keeps young men and live ammunition apart are they <unk> .
The last time i was in scotland i stayed at john angus <unk> .
Like me john angus raises sheep .
John makes a little extra money guiding deer hunters in the highlands .
I asked john how he kept his rifles .
Oh he said .
I must keep them locked up in the case except when i'm using them .
And perhaps once a year the <unk> happens by and asks about your guns john .
They'll be locked up then .
Although john angus cannot own guns designed to kill people he can own guns designed to kill animals provided he keeps them locked up where children and thieves cannot get at them .
Knowing john i'm sure he finds the <unk> visits irritating .
I suppose i would too .
But i could learn to live with an annual gun inspection visit and i don't think that visit would violate my constitutional rights .
I should point out that in the most recent year measured thirty four thousand four hundred seventy one americans died by gunshot .
And in john <unk> scotland where they think guns are dangerous in the same year thirty one people died .
I wish to dedicate this commentary to the memory of my neighbor william billy deal born twenty two april nineteen eighty killed by gunshot on the third of november nineteen ninety two .
