In chicago air travelers have been told that what flights they don't find canceled are being delayed .
C. n. n.'s jeff flock is out in the elements and he's found perhaps the one spot in chicago where it's not only safe to slide but it's expected at least during the summer time .
Jeff .
You stole my line bobbie .
I don't know it's cold windy wet .
Perhaps you can even see the fog on our lens .
That's how cold and windy and wet it is in chicago today but we are coming to you live from a spot that maybe you've seen in warmer times .
I don't know can you see the ivy out there .
Yes that is wrigley field chicago and today you can have your pick of just about any seat in the ball park .
Indeed a winter storm is bearing down on chicago .
It's here .
It's been here for a while .
Outside the ball park perhaps you can see the scene .
All of chicago looks like that right now and i'm joined by frank <unk> who is the director of ticket operations for the chicago cubs .
You can have your pick of any seat today frank .
Well you sure can .
Of course most of our advance forces are out in phoenix today in spring training .
We're the occupation army right here .
Now what i want to do as we're talking here frank why don't you go ahead and show some folks what this ball park looks like .
This winter we thought was done .
Well we did too .
Last friday we opened up ticket sales for the nineteen ninety four season .
It was a balmy sixty degrees here .
It was great but now we've gone back into the tank .
But we still have six weeks ahead of us until opening day here on april fourth .
Now you know chicago very well .
We thought last week it was warm it was sunny spring was here .
Well it's not over yet .
We've actually played here in the snow in april .
A couple of years ago on a sunday afternoon we had a pretty good amount of snow while we were playing .
So the chicago weather will be very fickle for another six weeks .
And you had a football you used to play football here i know .
Well the chicago bears used to play here .
In nineteen sixty three the world championship game was staged here against the new york giants and the bears won on a day not too dissimilar from this .
Looks like kind of a bears green bay kind of a thing out there .
That's it .
It's that's typical bear weather .
All right .
A special look here of a little bit of chicago as you see folks outside there in the snow outside the ball park and we're in the best spot inside the ball park as the snow and fog mounts on our lens .
That's it for now .
We'll be back a little later and let you know how it all turns out .
