The question now is why .
Why did death rain from the sky over a deadly populated area southeast of downtown amsterdam .
Why did this israeli cargo jet an el al boeing seven forty seven two hundred lose two of it's engines and crash into a high rise apartment complex .
After <unk> to the runway at <unk> <unk> airport sunday the pilot took off .
Five minutes later he reported engine number three on the right wing in flames .
He requested permission to return to the airport .
Minutes later engine four was also ablaze the jet went down .
Yellow fire a big fire and the same time we arrived the first fireman arrived and he could not even touch the flames .
What i see was a <unk> everywhere fire .
Everything everything we live near here .
We got out of the car and saw the plane flying very very low over the houses .
My husband saw it too .
I said it's going down and i looked and boom .
Everywhere fire everywhere fire .
It struck with little warning to those on the ground .
The grim search for victims ended thursday four days after the crash .
Emergency crews pulled more than fifty bodies from the rubble but officials stress a large number of people remain missing and may never be found .
Searchers found one of the crucial black boxes on wednesday the badly damaged flight data recorder for the plane .
Investigators hope it holds clues to what caused two of the <unk> giant engines to come off .
I'm crossing my fingers in this extremely important device for assisting us in our investigation .
Emergency crews found the two engines one was recovered from underwater in a nearby lake parts of the other engine were found on land .
Investigators said the engine pulled from the lake shed little light on what may have caused the crash .
We have not found any particular clues there was no fire or no traces of fire on that engine .
So far we have not found any indications of impact .
There is no evidence to link this accident with any other but similarities do exist between this crash and one last december when two engines fell off from the same side of a china air boeing seven forty seven .
As a precaution the maker of the jumbo jet boeing warned all operators of similar seven forty seven's to inspect their aircraft .
People are beginning to look into the similarities between the two incidents .
The latest inspections center on steel pins known as fuse pins .
Each pin is two and a quarter inches in diameter and four inches long .
Four pins secure each engine to the wing of a seven forty seven .
They're designed to break away allowing a damaged engine to fall off rather than damage the wing .
The federal aviation administration says <unk> and metal cracks have plagued the pins since nineteen seventy nine .
The f. a. a. has issued three directives to seven forty seven operators requiring inspection and replacement of the pins .
The most recent order came just last year .
Neither boeing nor the f. a. a. has linked this crash of the el al jet to a problem with fuse pins .
Boeing called seven forty seven operators to its headquarters in seattle three weeks ago to discuss problems with fuse pins and advised them to carry out inspections .
But boeing was unable to confirm whether el al representative attended that meeting and whether the plane that crashed had been inspected .
There was tragedy in west virginia this week as well .
A west virginia air national guard c. one hundred thirty cargo plane crashed into a home near berkeley springs .
All six crew members on board were killed .
The plane was on a routine training mission wednesday when it plunged from the sky in flames .
It's smashed into the home of seventy seven year old retired railroad worker milton <unk> .
I was just sitting at the table getting ready to come outside .
I didn't hear nothing house shook when and boom it was in flames .
Where were you in the house when it happened .
Right here next to the kitchen .
This is your house that went up in flames how are you feeling about that .
Pretty desperate .
I had stuff in there that i'd hate to give up .
There have been three other crashes of c. one hundred thirty cargo planes this year .
Last month a nigerian c. one hundred thirty crashed into a swamp shortly after take off from lagos .
One hundred sixty three people were killed including army officers their relatives and a crew .
In april a c. one hundred thirty on a military training mission plunged into a lake in <unk> county north carolina .
All nine crew members died and in february a kentucky national guard c. one hundred thirty crashed while practicing touch and go landings .
The plane struck a restaurant and motel in <unk> indiana killing sixteen people .
The west virginia air national guard has temporarily grounded all of its c. one hundred thirty's while investigators determine why the plane crashed .
For week in review i'm chuck roberts .
Authorities still don't know what caused an explosion thursday at a <unk> oil <unk> in los angeles sixteen workers were hurt by the blast .
It could be felt fifteen miles away .
The <unk> is expected to be closed indefinitely and 'til the extent of damage is known .
