The jury is discussing the lapd case .
It's all things considered from national public radio .
The jury in los angeles has had the lapd case for three days this is the first full day of deliberation .
There are tough legal issues to settle .
We'll ask laurence tribe to explain intent to deprive someone of civil rights .
And check the mood in south central los angeles with a leading minister .
Also order pizza with your t. v. remote .
You need smart t. v. .
Computer and t. v. are headed on a collision course and soon it's going to be very difficult to tell the difference .
T. v. has been a one way street since we've known it .
With smart t. v. the hope is that it becomes interactive that it's a two way street .
First the top stories in this hour's news .
This is all things considered .
I'm robert siegel .
And i'm linda wertheimer .
The jury in the federal trial of the four los angeles police officers accused of violating rodney king's civil rights has gone home for the day after eight hours of deliberations .
Three of the officers are charged with willfully using excessive force while arresting rodney king in violation of the fourth amendment .
The sergeant in charge of the arrest is on trial for willfully permitting his officers to assault king in violation of the fourteenth amendment the due process clause .
The jury began its deliberations on saturday afternoon and met for about eight hours over the holiday weekend .
Npr's wendy kaufman is at the federal courthouse in los angeles and has this report .
The only question or request from the jury all day came just as they were concluding could they take their personal jury notebooks back to the hotel overnight .
Presumably they wanted to go over their notes but the judge denied the request .
Yesterday the jury asked for a transcript of the testimony of melanie singer a california highway patrol officer who wept as she recounted king's beating telling the court that she would not forget the beating til the day she died .
The judge denied that request as well .
The judge said that he had told jurors at the outset of the trial to depend on their own memories and their own notes because he did not plan to provide them with transcripts or read back testimony .
Even if i had had a transcript available he said i wouldn't have sent it in because it tends to emphasize testimony .
Though singer was called as a defense witness her testimony was very favorable to the prosecution she said she saw officer powell hit king in the head with a baton a contention the defense rejects .
She contradicted the defense on a number of other points as well the defense has tried to discredit her testimony calling it inherently unbelievable .
Defense lawyers said yesterday that the request for the transcript of <unk> testimony <unk> well for them as one lawyer put it the emotional impact they remember but the specifics of her testimony need to be read .
The prosecutors had no comment .
The jury has been told that in judging whether the officers used excessive force in this case they must consider their conduct based on what a reasonable officer under the same circumstances would have done .
They cannot judge the events using twenty twenty ths hindsight and they can't demand that the officers acted perfectly .
Still the conduct must have been reasonable considering all the circumstances .
If the jury concludes that one or more of the officers used excessive force the panel must then decide if the officers did so willfully intentionally .
The judge told the jury that they can find intent even if the officers were motivated by fear anger or some other motivation .
The instructions are lengthy .
It took the judge nearly forty five minutes to read them from the bench .
Jurors must come to a unanimous verdict and the government must prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt .
All the jurors are of course aware that the not guilty verdict in last year's state trial of these officers sparked deadly riots and today the city of los angeles is in a heightened state of police readiness but the jurors were told that they must not consider or be influenced by external consequences of their verdict .
