The first lady hillary rodham clinton .
Americans generally like hillary rodham clinton but according to a recent poll they're not fond of her maiden name .
Sixty two percent of those surveyed want her to drop it .
Elizabeth now what about this name thing .
Hillary used her maiden name for years but dropped it when her husband was running for governor .
Now she's back .
Why the change and why is it controversial .
Well you know shakespeare said a rose by any name smells just as sweet .
And i think that the name controversy will blow over and people are going to focus on the contributions she can make as a very well educated lawyer and someone who's had a tremendous amount of experience .
The president has put her in charge of the most one of the most important items on the american agenda and on his agenda and that's health care policy .
And so they're not going to be looking at her middle name they're going to be looking at whether she can produce in this area produce an extremely important package .
We have thirty four million people without health care coverage in this country .
We have tremendous health care costs that are not being covered .
We have kids who are not being <unk> .
We have epidemics of tuberculosis measles and the like .
We need to address these problems and get our health care system under control .
Liz i agree with you .
In fact as you as we all well know the president changed his name to william j. i think the issue here is not about hillary rodham clinton's name .
It may be one about her role .
I think it's terrific that the president has defined a role for her .
I would only hope quite frankly that he would define a role for the vice president a man the american people elected .
You know what name hillary uses is the most insignificant thing that happened all week .
Let me comment though on what was said a little earlier about the republican party .
You know this republican party has always been tolerant and that's why you see so many pro choice people who've been very successful in our elected as elected officials within our party .
Also you see gays .
Thank you bay .
I take that as a great support .
You see gays involved in the party .
The problem is we do have certain principles .
People join our party because of the direction we're taking the country .
They may disagree with parts of it but we've heard a lot about we need to compromise we need to deal with people .
You don't break your principles .
That's not where you compromise .
You compromise on policies with coming in an administration .
The party cannot walk away from its principles whether they be small business oriented economic limited government policies or traditional value policies .
Bay let me interrupt there .
Do you see hillary as an asset or a liability .
It depends on how in how she works out .
I think she could be a great asset to the president but i'll tell you in the role she's in right now as competent as she definitely is when she comes out with a specific policy if the american people strongly disagree with that policy you can't exactly cut your losses and put someone else in there .
You can't throw out the first lady .
So there's going be real problems resulting as a result of her taking a policy position but that's one that they've agreed to to go through with and more power to them .
We'll see what happens .
Perhaps in the words of one observers in twenty years we won't think twice .
I'd like to thank today's guests .
Well she's she'll be a target .
