Yields on certificates of deposit have been withering for the last two years and now under the right conditions a new kind of c. d. could add more yield and therefore more money to your account .
Terry keenan has the details there .
To persuade customers to save at today's <unk> interest rates banks around the country are being forced to come up with new products .
One of those innovations so called rising rate certificates of deposit .
Investors start out with a fixed rate on their c. d. but they can raise that rate once interest rates rise .
Only a small number of banks offer rising rates among them wells fargo in california .
It allows a one time bump up on twelve month c. d.'s minimum investment ten thousand dollars .
At <unk> band in louisiana you can raise the rate once in two years minimum investment one thousand dollars .
United savings in texas let's you move your rate up once on an eighteen month account minimum investment there one thousand dollars .
And for a minimum investment of two thousand dollars first tier band in omaha offers a one time interest rate change on its twenty four month trade up c. d. .
Rising rate or bump up c. d.'s as their called appear to offer an attractive combination safety plus flexibility .
But these c. d.'s work best when rates are rising not falling as is the case right now .
That's because rising rate c. d.'s usually begin with rates slightly lower than fixed rate accounts at other banks .
To make it worth your while interest rates would have to make a substantial move up to overcome the initial lower rate .
If you still want a rising rate c. d. find out how the rate is compounded .
For instance daily compounding is better than quarterly .
And of course be sure the bank is federally insured .
There's not much sense in a high yielding account that may not be there when it's time to collect .
That's your money terry keenan c. n. n. business news new york .
Now let's bring you up to date on our c. d. scoreboard .
It lists above market deals at banks the numbers from the one hundred highest yields group .
All the banks mentioned get the full three star safety rating from barry bank .
First off six month c. d.'s southern pacific thrift and loan in <unk> city california their rate is four point four five their yield is just over four and one half percent .
One year c. d.'s at washington savings bank in waldorf maryland their yield four point eight five percent .
<unk> south dakota has a yield of just under six percent on two and one half year c. d.'s .
And if you move up to five years prudential bank and trust in atlanta yields just under seven percent .
We don't recommend these banks please we list them so you can compare what they're paying with what your local bank's offering .
Coming up next money magazine's marlys harris answering your questions .
We'll be right back .
Now where are the best places to sell rare stamps and where do you get start up cash for new businesses .
Those are the questions that money magazine's marlys harris is set to answer .
Hello again marlys .
Hi stuart .
Let's get going .
The first question comes to us from ann robertson who writes from amarillo texas .
A collection of rare unused quality stamps appraised in nineteen seventy nine for nineteen thousand dollars but were then sold seven years later for only a third of that .
I've been told that such stamps should be sold in their country of origin and not in the u. s. true or false .
The idea of making more money on stamps by selling them in their original country is being bandied about but it is false according to stamp experts .
In nineteen seventy nine when your stamp collection was appraised the u. s. market was going gangbusters .
Rampant inflation had made people believe that so called hard assets gold silver land and collectibles were safer than cash .
But when inflation diminished in the early eighty's so did interest in hard assets so the stamp market came <unk> and fell until nineteen eighty nine .
That's why the collection sold for such a small amount .
If your stamp is rare in interest and collectors from all over the world will bid on it and if it's from a non industrial nation it will probably <unk> more money here in the u. s. than at home .
Right now according <unk> <unk> a swiss stamp expert the best market is in europe where people seem to have a lot to spend .
But he adds that a stamps particular characteristics color rarity historical importance and beauty to name a few are much more important than its point of origin .
Fair enough next question comes to us from <unk> wilson of chicago illinois .
She asks are there business loans available for people who can't invest much themselves .
I'm a twenty four year old black woman who would like to open a <unk> salon .
I figure i could get rolling with ten thousand dollars .
The small business administration will give me a big loan but that would put me in over my head before i even start .
Any ideas marlys .
You must have been whispering in the ear of a small business administration bureaucrat .
This month the agency is making fifty million dollars available to tiny businesses under a new micro loan program .
The loans will average ten thousand dollars but some will be as small as two hundred dollars to three hundred dollars and they'll go to people like you who have little cash and no credit .
In the first phases of the program thirty five states will be included .
The first illinois where you live arkansas iowa kentucky maine minnesota new hampshire new york north carolina pennsylvania south carolina and wisconsin .
Now to find out how to apply call the s. b. a. .
It has a toll free line eight hundred u. ask s. b. a. and get advice .
Ten thousand dollars may indeed be too little for your start up .
Many small businesses fail because they're under funded .
One good source of advice is the american woman's development corporation with bases in new york los angeles and washington d. c. .
This not for profit group offers one on one business counseling by telephone thirty five dollars for ninety minutes .
It's sponsored by <unk> which picks up the phone tab .
To make an appointment call eight hundred two hundred twenty two awed and good luck .
As in awed right .
Yes i don't know why but anyway that's what they chose .
If you've got a question marlys wants to answer it so send it in .
You can write to us at your money questions c. n. n. five penn plaza new york new york one zero zero zero one .
