In the name of <unk> federal <unk> may be ready to tear down more than one hundred thousand billboards and there's controversy .
Many small businesses say they need to advertise along rural <unk> and some state officials say they could use those tax dollars to build highways .
C. n. n.'s jamie mcintyre reports .
Billboards have been part of the american way of life ever since the country first took to the road .
But for the past two decades driving along some u. s. highways has been like driving through the yellow pages .
The nineteen sixty five highway <unk> act which bans billboards along rural <unk> was supposed to end the visual chaos but states were never given enough money to buy up existing signs and tear them down .
Now thanks to the multi billion dollar transportation bill signed by president bush last year the federal government will pay eighty percent of the cost of billboard removal but wants the job done by the end of next year .
Outdoor advertising and enhancing the visual setting of our highway system was one of the primary objectives .
But some complained the primary objective was supposed to be .
Jobs jobs jobs .
And that the new federal rules will require states to ante up twenty percent of the cost of billboard removal at a time when they'd rather spend the money on transportation projects they say are more pressing .
Key democrats and republicans in congress are complaining to president bush that the billboard funds were intended to encourage not force state's to act .
And they argue the highway administration is taking a heavy handed approach that could cost tens of thousands of jobs and devastate small tourist related businesses .
The industry group representing billboard advertisers agrees although does not oppose removal of billboards so long as owners are compensated .
That really falls hard on the travel and tourism industry who use a lot of those rural legal non <unk> signs and those <unk> businesses that have no other way to advertise or to attract motorists off the highway to their establishments are going to lose their one source of advertising .
But billboard opponents say only twenty percent of <unk> signs advertise businesses operating along federal highways and they can be served by smaller cheaper logo signs already in use in thirty nine states .
A logo sign costs between four hundred dollars and one thousand eight hundred dollars .
In fact for someone to advertise on the logo a billboard may cost thirty thousand dollars for a business to advertise annually .
In the face of complaints federal highway officials are considering extending the deadline for tearing down the one hundred fourteen thousand offending billboards across the nation but say it's only a matter of time before the signs no longer hide the pines .
