Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more .
Before you start writing in letters that interpretation of the <unk> was written by irish poet james stevens back in the nineteen thirties .
In the nineties there are <unk> observations on the differences between men and women .
Consider those of rob becker .
He's married has a new baby and a one man show defending the <unk> .
Becker says one situation in which <unk> divide is shopping for a home .
My wife and i have bought and <unk> three houses and we're still together .
Well since you make your living on the observations that you've made when you and your wife were searching for shelter did you find that men and women shop differently .
Well i know that we go about it completely differently .
We walk into a house and my wife immediately notices the details of <unk> color choices the other people's furniture that's in there and i immediately want to know how big it is .
I just want to know the size .
How many square feet is this house .
We found this one house .
It was huge plus it looked like we could do stuff with it .
We could build and we could knock down walls and i loved it .
And she said but this house has bad flow .
Look at it .
Here's the dining room and then where are people going to go after they eat i said i don't care where they go after they eat .
She said well look .
They're going to have to go through the family room to get to the living room .
That's not good .
You want to have a place where they can eat and then they can flow right into the living room where you'll entertain them .
I said we're not going to get this house are we she goes number .
Well what i don't understand is first of all why is size so important to you .
You know so you can show it off to your other buds .
I want a big cave .
I just want see because i understand that .
When i walk in i say how many square feet i can tell how that compares to another house .
I can't you know compare the <unk> details of <unk> and things but i know if this house is fifty more square feet than another house that's good .
Yeah but it's not good enough because the first thing you want to do is knock down some walls and make it bigger .
Oh absolutely .
I look for a project .
She's looking for a home .
I'm looking for a project .
I want to see if there's wall i can knock down if i can go up to the roof and add a second story .
I always want to do something different with the house than what it is now .
What about the basement .
If it has a basement that's great .
We had a basement in one of our houses and that was just terrific .
I spent a lot of time down there .
So in other words you're just relegated to a few rooms in the house and you want to make sure that these rooms are o. k. .
Well i'm convinced that the women take over the house .
You know in the cave times it really was the woman's cave .
If you do research on that you find out that the woman really owned the cave .
The guy was only there at her leisure and i see that nowadays exactly .
It's her house .
She even talks about it that way .
You know i say well what about the t. v. i won't have a t. v. in my living room .
I say well what about my living room .
Do i have a living room apparently i don't have a living room .
I have a garage .
I have a basement .
You know most guys end up in the garage or the basement .
The bathroom is really about the only private place i have because you can go in there and lock the door get some paper reading done .
But even then she's got that all marked out .
She's got her perfume out here .
She's got you know make up there .
She's got <unk> in there that i can't use .
Yeah .
I can never figure that one out .
Don't use those why not those are for others .
Yeah but what about negotiating .
I mean is she someone that has you know .
I love to negotiate .
Over the house prices .
I love that .
I'm always one to walk out and that's the key .
You always got to know when to walk out .
So you're the bad cop .
Yeah that's right .
Because you know we find the house we like and she tends to bond with it .
And she wants that house and i always tell her look we gotta be able to walk away .
So we gotta set a price and she'll hear me on the phone saying well then forget it .
Tell them we'll look for another house .
She goes don't do that .
I love that house .
You've bought three houses .
We've bought and <unk> three different houses completely <unk> them .
And you're still married and you're still together and you still love each other .
Yeah you know a friend of mine just went to this seminar called how to redo your house without killing your spouse and i think that's a great title for a seminar .
Because you know again you think that this person is somebody that you agree with .
Even when we've done the houses we both agree .
Hey let's do this in say our first house you know southwestern we wanted to do .
Let's do this one <unk> o. k. great .
Hey we agree .
Our problems are solved but our problems aren't solved because again you go down for those paint chips and you know there's <unk> gold .
There's indian sunset .
There's you know warm <unk> .
There's so many different kinds of colors out there .
It's unbelievable .
And you think you agree with the person and you think it doesn't matter to you and the next thing you know you're down at the hardware store arguing over a faucet .
I don't want that faucet in my bathroom you're ready to kill over some faucet .
I wouldn't want to get near you when you're discussing little you know drawer pulls on the cabinet .
Look at that drawer pull .
It looks <unk> .
It's <unk> .
We don't want <unk> .
Rob becker calls northern california home but he's spending several months with his wife erin and baby cal in chicago where his one man show defending the <unk> is playing at the <unk> street theater .
Thanks a lot rob .
Talk to you again soon .
