While officials in washington talk folks in the midwest are doing the best they can .
C. n. n.'s mike capps joins us from jefferson city missouri .
Mike .
Well natalie what you're seeing now is a flooded jefferson city missouri .
You're seeing the missouri capitol here in jefferson city and the missouri river is two miles out of its banks well out of control and the people here are bracing for a crest of about thirty seven to thirty eight feet sometime on saturday .
With me is mayor louise gardner and this has got to be the worst flood in this city's history .
Yes it is .
Before this it was in nineteen fifty one but this is much worse .
What are you doing to we attended an emergency management meeting this afternoon and characterize a few things that are going on here as you prepare for this crest .
We have <unk> national guard coming in to help direct traffic because there's going to be a lot and there are some streets closed at this time .
We are bringing extra food for those people who are out of their homes and we have roughly one hundred fifty just on this side of the river .
Let's talk about this airport this is normally what we're seeing on camera now is normally a dry field .
How much water is in this airport proper .
I can't tell you how much water but i can tell you that i was out on the runway the other day and it was ten feet deep so this is how much water and our whole airport area is covered as well as a lot of farm area around it .
It's an incredible scene i'm going to crawl out of this boat we're in right now and go over and talk to a business owner here who's been effected by this high water .
We've seen in the midwest all during our tour of duty here people who are just building their own levee systems and with me is tom <unk> who owns an equipment company a farm equipment company .
This is an incredible incredible sight here .
How long did it take you to build this levee .
We've been working on it for i guess the better part of two weeks .
We've had a lot of people help us .
The city has helped us a lot .
We've had a lot of volunteers church groups one local high school elias high school helped us out a lot .
We probably got .
Up know eight thousand nine thousand ten thousand sandbags .
Are you pretty confident that it's going to hold back this crest .
We <unk> .
We're probably going to bag for thirty five point five feet and that's as far as we can go .
They're still predicting a thirty seven or thirty eight foot crest and if it comes that high we can't hold it .
You've still got workers on the other side of this building working .
What are they what are they doing .
We're getting equipment out .
We've got it up to higher ground .
Now we're moving up again .
We've still got people going we've got places around town where we're working at .
What about this airport you've never seen it like this before obviously .
No this is this is just you know five ten feet higher you know it just doesn't ever do this .
How about morale in this part of jefferson city .
Is it good is it bad .
Oh i think it's great right now .
You know it's going to be a lot of work after things go down but everybody's everybody's sure helped us a lot .
The front of this building is very impressive .
What did you do around there .
It looks like it's even higher than it is here the levee system .
What we're concerned about is highway fifty four runs <unk> to our building .
If the water would come over top of fifty four we think they'd be a big current into the front of the building and we hope to divert that so we don't have the current into the glass and into the front structure .
We hope to save the building that's what we're looking for .
And that's pretty much the story here from jefferson city .
Again it's a scene we've seen all up and down the midwest as we've followed this flood .
Farmers flooded out businesses flooded out homeowners flooded out and the question is just how high this water will go this missouri river will go when it finally crests .
