Good evening from national public radio in washington i'm jacki lyden with all things considered .
Looking ahead in bosnia the nato deadline .
This evening time runs out in sarajevo for bosnian serbs to withdraw or hand over their heavy weapons .
The threat of air strikes tonight is diminishing .
Also an interview with rudolph giuliani new mayor of new york .
And the <unk> they dig the tunnels beneath new york that are the city's life blood .
People are mesmerized by it .
They say what did you do and we tell we boldly go where no man has ever gone before .
We've come across virgin rock .
This rock has been here since the beginning of time .
Nobody's ever done this before .
The <unk> coming up .
First we have a round up of the day's news .
It's all things considered .
I'm jacki lyden .
A nato deadline went into effect one hour ago a deadline that calls for air strikes unless serb forces withdraw or hand over their heavy weapons around sarajevo .
And all indications are that the threat of air strikes at least in the coming day has receded .
Shortly after the deadline passed the white house said all known serb heavy guns around sarajevo had been neutralized or soon will be .
It said no air strikes are necessary at this time .
And in sarajevo the senior united nations official .
President clinton spoke with russian president boris yeltsin this afternoon and told the russian leader that he's encouraged by serbian efforts to comply .
And in sarajevo the u. n. commander in bosnia general sir michael rose told reporters that things are moving forward in a satisfactory manner .
Npr's andy bowers attended general <unk> briefing .
To be specific general rose said that as of a few hours before the deadline they've collected more than two hundred weapons in these what they're calling <unk> sites for the serbs .
These are places that'll be guarded by the u. n. they've collected about forty odd for the bosnian government side .
And then here are the key numbers that gave us .
He said there are forty one locations that u. n. has identified as possible violations of nato's ultimatum .
These are places where they had some indication that there were weapons sitting out there either stuck in the snow or just hadn't been moved .
They wanted to check those out .
It turned out that twenty three of those had nothing in them .
They were empty .
Nine are being put under u. n. control meaning they're going to have monitors around them and the only remaining question is nine sites that they had not gotten reports for yet so if there is to be any air strike tonight on a weapon that hasn't been moved out of the area or placed in a <unk> site it's these nine that are likely going to be those sites .
Did general michael rose say whether or not the all clear sign would be sounded tonight .
No he refused to say until the last reports are in and i think they're not going to really give us an indication .
We probably won't know until we either hear something going on overnight here or we find out in the morning that everything has been calm .
A reporter asked him at the press conference what he was going to be doing when the deadline passed .
Here's what he said .
In bed .
Well of course i'm on call all the time but i am treating this as a process which has started on the ninth of february and i hope will continue and that is a peaceful process .
He sounds pretty calm andy .
What about the sarajevans .
What have they had to say about what's happening .
Well from both the bosnian government side and the point of view of people on the street here in sarajevo there's a lot of feeling that they've sort of been sold out by the u. n. that the u. n. and the serbs have collaborated in way .
What they cite is a couple of things .
They cite that these <unk> sites for the serb heavy weapons several of them are right in the city itself .
These could be dangerous locations first of all because they have big guns there but also if nato were to want to hold an air strike against some of these locations it would be very difficult in the middle of a populated area .
The other concern is that russia is a big part of this process now .
The russian special envoy concluded a deal a few days ago with the serbs that helped get the momentum going toward the removal of these weapons but now four hundred russian troops have arrived and there's a big question about where they're going to deployed .
They right now are staying near a serb <unk> and the bosnians don't want the russians guarding serb weapons because they're traditional allies .
The russian troops when they came into town yesterday were greeted when they went through serb territory with salutes and just ecstatic feelings from the serbians because they felt like their <unk> had arrived .
