If there's anyplace that epitomizes this country's car culture it's los angeles .
L. a. has five hundred ten miles of freeways more than any other city in the country but l. a. has taken a small step toward cutting down on bumper to bumper traffic .
This past weekend the city launched its first modern subway system .
The metro red line runs only four point four miles from downtown l. a.'s civic center and financial district to macarthur park .
But transit officials see this underground line as the backbone of what they hope will be a four hundred miles system that someday will criss cross southern california .
From los angeles kitty <unk> reports .
It's not everyday that something taken for granted in most major cities of the world is introduced as brand new in los angeles .
So when the first sleek stainless steel subway cars arrived at the pershing square station it was greeted with flashing red lights a piped in brass band and a platform packed with politicians .
More than fifty thousand people stood in long lines all day just to take a peek at the italian made trains at the <unk> fluorescent art on the ceilings and the sparkling clean floors and walls .
There are no <unk> the red line relies on the honor system .
However there will be random checks on trains for fare cards .
There are no public restrooms in the stations a deterrent to crime no food kiosks a deterrent to litter and not even a newsstand to be found underground .
But subway veteran pat <unk> who took advantage of the weekend of free rides gave the red line a decided thumbs up .
I've ridden subways in paris metro no paris mexico city new york moscow .
This is the best .
Why .
It's a lot smoother .
You can't feel the joints in the tracks or anything like that .
The red line is not the first subway system for los angeles .
From nineteen twenty five until nineteen fifty five a small sliver of a subway line just under a mile served as a <unk> between above ground transit in hollywood and downtown los angeles .
But for an entire generation of l. a. residents riding the subway is a completely new experience .
To help the novice adapt to this new mode of transit an informational video is available .
And please don't lean over the edge because the trains come in fast and very close to the platform and you could easily be hurt if you get hit .
This is no place to play around .
Such basic safety instructions may seem silly but in a city where only one in twenty people rides public transit it takes time for those used to cars to adjust to other forms of transportation .
Although the <unk> only a seven minute ride from end to end it's purpose is to move people through the downtown area and connect with existing public transit .
The red line is running two hundred million dollars over budget .
The federal government which picked up half the bill for the one point four billion dollar project has launched an investigation into possible fraud and corruption .
There are complaints that the completed system won't take riders to the airport the art museum or to dodgers stadium .
And there is still debate over whether the future link to the san fernando valley should stay underground or be a less costly monorail .
Greg davey is a spokesman for the rapid transit district .
We see different plans being discussed everyday .
It could be monorail it could be what we call at surface rail or a rail that goes along street level or it could be subway .
The discussion has been raging for about six to eight years now and there really is no decision .
But down in the tunnels underneath the city skyline nagging controversy gives way to novelty as curious commuters try out the newest thing in los angeles it's very own subway .
