There was a meeting today in egypt that some are calling the first summit between israel and the p. l. o. .
As c. n. n.'s bill delaney reports the two sides have a lot to do and little time .
In cairo israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin and p. l. o. chairman yasir arafat held a working meeting their first facing the music of their still largely unwritten composition for middle east peace .
The meeting is mediated by egyptian president hosni mubarak getting down to business after the euphoria of a few weeks ago .
It translates the agreements into practical channels of implementation and this was the purpose of me initiating this meeting in cairo .
It was in a positive atmosphere and we discussed many issues important issues .
Like most fundamentally creating a framework for discussions on palestinian self rule which could begin in gaza and jericho as soon as mid december .
The leaders announced four committees will start hammering that out next week on october thirteenth with meetings scheduled in the egyptian seaside town of <unk> in cairo and in washington .
Prime minister rabin and p. l. o. chairman arafat somewhat downplayed the question of violence which they said would come up in appropriate committee meetings .
Observers believe as much as the need to nail down an administrative framework recent confrontations in israel's occupied territories fueled the need for the meeting .
Since the signing of the israeli palestinian agreements in washington palestinian radicals have continued to target israelis including a car bomb monday that injured thirty soldiers .
Israeli soldiers have continued to hunt wanted men in the process demolishing dozens of palestinian homes in gaza which p. l. o. officials say makes them look bad even when some of the radicals killed or captured oppose arafat and the peace process he's helped set in motion .
I had to raise this question because i am responsible for all the palestinians .
The meeting of rabin and arafat timed practically to the day of the twentieth anniversary of the yom kippur war which is remembered in egypt and was celebrated there on the eve of the meeting as a victory though arabs managed to capture israeli held territory for only several days .
A reminder if any were needed that as israelis and palestinians begin planning the future it's the past that will <unk> them .
