Senator dianne feinstein discusses the tumultuous california election .
What's a democrat to do now that the one hundred third congress is history and the republican controlled one hundred fourth promises to be anything but business as usual .
We'll work in a bipartisan way to pass a balanced budget amendment to enact the line item veto to allow people to vote for constitutional amendments for term limits to enact campaign spending reform which is even more important today than it was yesterday .
What's this democrat to do when she claims victory and her opponent in california's caustic and costly senate race claims fraud .
It's so overwhelming i would hope we would have a new election .
If it's not if it's not i will congratulate ms. feinstein on her victory but i think frankly the fraud is overwhelming .
Is senator feinstein's star still bright though the democratic party's whole constellation has dimmed .
From washington this is newsmaker saturday with charles bierbauer .
Thanks for joining us .
With congress's lame ducks packing up and limping home we may all be relieved that this <unk> session is over but it's always open season for politics in washington and to help us take aim on the new congress our guest is senator dianne feinstein of california .
The senator was elected to a short term in congress in nineteen ninety two and with nearly forty seven percent of last month's vote is the presumptive though not yet certified winner of a full term in the senate .
Thank you for joining us senator and with me to question senator feinstein is gloria borger assistant managing editor and political columnist for u. s. news and world report .
Senator is this election and your <unk> of this seat in any way tarnished by the kind of race that was run in california by the kind of charges we're hearing of fraud .
Well see this was the worst race i've been in in my life .
Since february blatant misleading mischaracterizing i think <unk> spots were run in a barrage that was unprecedented in the history of this country .
Never has anyone spent the kind of money my opponent did or engaged in the kind of campaign my opponent did .
So the fact that i endured and endured by one hundred sixty thousand votes which incidentally is historically not a close election you have to remember <unk> beat ed <unk> by less than one hundred fifty thousand votes .
Well there are a lot of voters in california .
That's right and <unk> beat bradley by under one hundred thousand votes .
So i look at this with a great deal of surprise that my opponent didn't pick up the phone and say you know congratulations you've won as i have done when i have lost races .
The reason your opponent congressman huffington says he won't do that is he is continuing to allege that there were improprieties that there were <unk> <unk> in this election campaign .
So what you're describing as bitter and nasty was the election race but the post election race continues to be accusatory .
Let me play a piece of tape and get you to respond here .
This is representative huffington the other night .
The problem is there's a lot of voter fraud and we're finding out daily that new things are coming in with people who either aren't legal citizens who are voting they've moved and are voting in the wrong place .
We have boarded up shacks where people say they live .
We have people voting in vacant parking lots .
Is this what's happened .
Where's the evidence .
He got a temporary restraining order on the basis of that comment .
There was a hearing before a judge in los angeles .
The judge said where is your evidence .
And they didn't submit any evidence so now they're going out and they're looking for more .
But i didn't win by one hundred votes or eight hundred votes or ten thousand one hundred sixty thousand votes .
How is that issue that he's promoting now that there was fraud or shacks how is that going to change the outcome of the election .
Because unless he can say there were one hundred sixty thousand people who voted for me fraudulently i have legally won this election and i believe i will be certified by the state of california and the secretary of state as the winner of the election .
Do you have any evidence .
That's why this is so unbelievable to have this happen .
But this seems like more than sour grapes .
Do you have any evidence of fraud .
I have no evidence of fraud and the proper place to submit evidence for fraud is to the secretary of state to the attorney general to a district attorney of a county .
There may be some investigations going on but if there are one or two or two hundred or three hundred instances of someone who should not have voted who voted does that undo a plurality of one hundred sixty thousand votes .
That's the issue .
Is this something mr. huffington can't let go of .
How do you judge this .
Well i think mr. huffington is used to getting what he wants and he wants this and he spent more than anybody ever has in the history of this country to buy it and he couldn't buy it and now he's going to find another way of winning it .
That's what's happening .
Senator you said before that you were the victim of some t. v. ads that were untrue .
Now you have an opportunity to do something about television ads in campaign finance reform .
Tell us what you would do for senators in your position in another campaign and how can you change this whole process .
Well i think that campaign spending reform has to go back on the front burner in a major way and i think the deal breaker in campaign spending reform was what people perceived to be when you limited the amount under buckley versus <unk> you also had to then provide some public financing and the public financing was done through lobby disclosure fees and other things but people didn't see that and it was used as an argument against .
I don't think we should do any public financing .
I think we should find a way and i believe we can to cap the races to cap the amount an individual can put into a race and to provide an amendment to the federal communications act which would enable a television station if they were convinced that an ad was false and defamatory not to run it .
What we found in this campaign is even when a station would tell us yes they saw where the ad was false they still had to run it .
Do you have support for that in the senate .
I think we have increasing support for it and the reason i say this is because there never has been a campaign where there are more negative and nasty spots out there than this past one and i think that has caused people to think and particularly the california race has caused people to think because what the california race signaled is anybody that's willing to come forward and put up thirty million dollars doesn't have to debate their opponent doesn't have to do press interviews doesn't have to give out a voting record doesn't have to reduce tax reform .
They just do their number in thirty second sound bites and that's not what election to the highest <unk> body in the land should be .
Let me pick up .
When you say you would cap the spending where would you cap it in a state like california .
What would be an approximate amount .
And it would seem that you could cap the spending but how do you get rid of the negatives .
You would have fewer of them with less spending .
Well the spending in the last bill that we considered and was passed through the senate california was the highest state because it's the biggest capped at eight point eight million dollars and then it went down from there based on population of the state .
And i think to base a cap on population makes very good sense and it also provides that individuals in very small states can cover their states .
When you run in a state that's bigger than most nations it's a very real problem to go door to door or even sometimes county to county .
But senator now the democrats don't control the senate anymore why would they go along with campaign finance reform and try and level the playing field .
They want to get a majority back .
Well this may sound naive but it's the right thing to do and the track that campaigns are on is not going to be good for either party because i believe very much that we can work <unk> .
I believe there are very good people in both political parties and i believe we are elected i'm a democrat .
I'm elected to bring my viewpoint to sit down with colleagues and work out a solution just as we did on the assault weapons legislation on the desert bill just as we'll do on a balanced budget amendment or on anything else that comes up but to work out the differences and one of the things that's happened is it's been a very distasteful kind of partisanship and fortunately there are people in both parties that are prepared to resist it and i was very <unk> by what senator lott said today that he looks forward to working in a bipartisan way .
He and i have worked on a bill that we didn't have a lot of luck with but we worked together on and that was to put off the next round of base closures .
Senator lott is of course the newly elected majority whip in the senate a republican .
You've touched on a number of agenda issues balanced budget amendment line item veto .
And that's exactly where want to go when we come back .
We've got to take a break .
Stay with us please .
Commercial break .
Senator feinstein you listed things that you want to do in a bipartisan fashion balanced budget amendment line item veto term limits .
That sounds like something newt gingrich has written .
That sounds like the republican contract .
Are you really close in line with that .
Well i campaigned on it in nineteen ninety two when i ran .
I voted for it and i campaigned again .
It all depends on how you word a balanced budget amendment and i think it's possible to word one that'll make some sense and the degree to which it makes sense obviously it takes time to accomplish it .
It also takes time for ratification .
So the time that's built into it and exactly what is covered by it are really the issues for negotiation .
On the line item veto there isn't a chief executive officer of any corporation in this country that doesn't have the ability to control the budget of their company and yet the president of the united states doesn't have the ability to control the budget .
I think it does two things .
I think it will ensure a discipline .
I think it will give a blue pencil that means something to the chief executive and i think it is the biggest antidote to the pork barrel i know .
Well are you concerned just to follow this are you concerned that the white house and the democrats are <unk> the agenda to the republicans .
No not necessarily and i'm not the only democrat that feels this way .
I think one of the mistakes people have made is to say that there are specific <unk> territories and the parties do not cross on them .
I think there are some yes but i do not think these are necessarily them .
Paul simon as you know was one of the co authors of the last balanced budget amendment .
So it has been a bipartisan effort .
Let me just shift gears a little bit to talk about proposition one eighty seven which was a major issue in your campaign and it's a measure that would deny medical and educational benefits to illegal aliens in your state .
You were opposed to it and the voters overwhelmingly approved it in california .
Who was right .
Well i knew when i did that that it could possibly cost me the election .
We estimate it cost six to ten points .
Having said that i couldn't have lived with myself because essentially what one eighty seven does is say that children are going to be the enforcement mechanism for illegal immigration and the way that's going to happen is they are going to be prohibited an education and i think that's a terrible mistake and i don't believe it stops illegal immigration .
I believe what we must do and i look forward to working again in a bipartisan way particularly with alan simpson who heads the subcommittee on immigration of the judiciary committee .
We can stop it at its border .
I've been to the border many times .
There's a new operation going on on the southwest border and it's about eighty percent effective now .
We need to do some other things .
We need to have a counterfeit proof system of determining work eligibility and that could also <unk> with welfare eligibility .
We need to stop immigration at the borders which means have a full complement of border patrol give them the equipment they need .
We need to stop illegal smuggling .
I was shocked when the u. s. attorney in san diego told me that the average federal sentence for somebody convicted of alien smuggling with a prior was zero to six months .
But senator .
We'll change that .
But you seem to be talking about more government involvement here beefing up border patrols et cetera .
It costs a lot of money .
On the other hand you're talking about a constitutional amendment to balance the budget .
Where do you get the money for this then .
Well in my legislation i put in a funding mechanism and what it is is a border crossing fee of one dollar which would produce at a minimum four hundred million dollars .
It would be much as somebody that crosses a bridge .
We've got in my city the golden gate bridge the oakland bay bridge and people pay three dollars a day when they come in to work in san francisco on the golden gate bridge .
You would just simply pay .
You could have commuter books but you would pay for the infrastructure that you use and that would support the infrastructure and the border patrol and customs and narcotics abatement and activities to prevent illegal smuggling .
That's a tax isn't it .
It's a crossing fee which is paid for by the people that use the border .
Is that popular .
It's not paid by people who don't use the border .
Outside of california and perhaps texas .
It's very popular in california .
Polls have shown it's getting over eighty percent support from the people .
Speaking of taxes where are you on the middle class tax cut .
See i think that was the one perhaps major crippling <unk> thing in the president's program .
The campaign committed to a middle income tax cut .
Now some of this was provided with the earned income tax credit which provides that if you earn up to twenty five thousand dollars a year you get a tax credit .
But from twenty five thousand dollars on up to seventy five thousand dollars that's where families are the hardest hit and one of the most prevailing feelings out there is you know i work hard .
I play by the rules .
I pay my taxes and i'm worried about my job .
I take home less and the frustration is all this government .
I'm paying for all the guys that don't play by the rules .
And that's why i think giving relief to the middle class is so important and i'm really sorry that that got by but now that there is deficit reduction now that the federal workforce is being diminished now that the economy is in recovery and unemployment is dropping and with g. a. t. t. which over time should increase revenues i think there is an opportunity to work something out and be able to provide one .
Well and the president president clinton is this week now talking about working out some kind of a middle class tax cut but it comes back to the question i asked you before .
Hasn't he been pushed to all this by the republicans rather than moving on his own agenda to get there .
And .
Look may i say this .
Sure .
You couldn't have done it without doing something about the budget deficit because .
He did that .
That was taken care of .
But he did that and then pretty much abandoned that middle class tax cut .
Well that's right because the economy was bad and revenues weren't coming in and we had to go through with the deficit reduction package .
If you remember charles interest rates dropped .
People could refinance their homes .
That was worth about one thousand dollars for everybody that refinanced their homes and new jobs began to come on line .
If you .
Now in the next couple of years this next session i believe it's going to be different .
We have an opportunity .
This next session if the democrats in the minority are going to reach any bipartisanship with the republican majority are you going to have to keep the white house at arm's length on capitol hill .
Well you know i don't know why all the talk in this town is always you know do you <unk> the white house or what do you do with it .
I think what you do is you work with people .
You go up and you say what you think .
You put together majorities or <unk> on both sides and that's see i will say this .
I think if there's one mistake in the senate and i really say this and i've thought a lot about it you cannot work only with the leadership .
You have to work with the rank and file members as well because the senators are all <unk> .
And on big issues that involve their constituencies they aren't necessarily going to buy leadership .
They're going to make their own decisions .
We've got about thirty seconds .
Gloria .
What should the president's priorities aside from the middle class tax cut be .
Oh i think the president's priority frankly ought to be welfare reform specifically not a huge complicated government program or we'll go right back to health care reform again but a cut off of federal dollars after so long if a person is able to work .
If an individual is mentally or physically unable to work i think that's a different story welfare reform .
Limited health care reform portability insurance reform and encouraging the states to make some changes as we have in california but very limited and very little governmental interference .
We've reached our limit and our cut off here .
Senator dianne feinstein i thank you very much for joining us today gloria borger of u. s. news and world report .
I'll be back in a moment with a postscript .
Commercial break .
This postscript on this week's elections which all took place within the halls of congress .
Except for the departure of house speaker tom foley voted out by the folks back home in washington state the house democrats have rejected challenges to their leaders and will be headed in the minority by congressman dick gephardt .
The retiring senate chief george mitchell will be succeeded by his protege south <unk> tom daschle though it was close .
And it's the republicans still feeling feisty who've pushed aside one old timer wyoming's alan simpson and elected mississippi's more fiery conservative trent lott to the number two position in the senate a post of considerable power especially if majority leader dole <unk> himself with a run for president .
What the voters presumably told all politicians last month was you've let us down .
Change your ways .
So far though it seems largely the republicans are responding to the message .
Tomorrow on late edition our examination of the new congress continues as frank sesno talks with three key republicans primed to take over in the house .
They are congressman henry hyde of illinois congressman john kasich of ohio and congresswoman nancy johnson of connecticut .
Late edition airs at five p. m. eastern on sunday .
Now for all of us at newsmaker saturday thanks for joining us .
