Well cold water and stormy weather are making it difficult to find survivors of a <unk> passenger ferry in the baltic sea .
The estonia went down off <unk> coast with eight hundred sixty seven passengers and crew on board .
Rescuers from sweden and finland spent the night searching for survivors and taking them to hospitals .
The ferry was traveling from <unk> capital to stockholm sweden .
Before the accident it sent out a distress call that it was listing badly .
And joining us now from helsinki is freelance journalist terry schultz .
Terry .
Thanks for joining us .
Now we've heard so many conflicting reports about the amount of people rescued and casualties .
What have you heard .
Well there has been a widely quoted figure of ninety people rescued and i did some checking on this with the finnish coast guard .
And they told me that this ninety includes some dead bodies and it's a little bit difficult at this time to put an exact figure on the amount of survivors but i was clearly told that this ninety is not all is not a figure of all living people .
As you mentioned earlier it is very difficult to drag even the dead bodies out of the water unfortunately .
So this ninety may be a count in total of how many bodies they have been able to pull from the water so far due to the storm .
I will continue checking on this number and of course we're all hoping that it does reach up to ninety and beyond .
But in any case it looks like there are some eight hundred people dead in the waters off the coast of southwestern finland .
Terry do you have any idea what happened .
There have been some some suggestions given and of course the the last distress signal given by the captain also gives a good idea that in fact the stormy weather did cause the ship to rock very very heavily and as it was such a large ship carrying many cars and heavy cargo it seems plausible that the the cargo shifted to one side and just pushed the boat over into the water .
And eight hundred sixty seven people on board is is a heavy load .
Now will this bad weather hamper rescue efforts .
Yes there have been helicopters and cargo ships and ferries working throughout the early morning hours and in fact continuing and the weather is just terrible .
There have been heavy winds lightning rain continuing and it's making it very difficult for them .
All right thank you so much terry .
