A russian protest about nato expansion .
The story on npr's all things considered .
Russian officials refused to sign a nato military cooperation agreement .
Moscow doesn't like the idea of nato bringing in former warsaw pact countries .
An economic deal is settled between croatia and the leaders of serb controlled croatia .
A report on the tensions between the white house and republican leader bob dole especially over bosnia .
Senator dole wants the conflict settled .
I think the last thing we need is another change in position american change in position on bosnia .
What do we wait a year and say well there've been another one hundred thousand civilian casualties and we still haven't got it resolved .
Also letters from listeners coming up on all things considered .
Now this hour's news .
This is all things considered .
I'm noah adams .
Today in brussels russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev stunned his nato counterparts by refusing at the last minute to sign a cooperation accord with the alliance .
Kozyrev said he and president boris yeltsin were alarmed by a nato decision announced earlier in the day on enlarging the alliance to include former soviet bloc countries .
Kozyrev's dramatic move spoiled a day during which nato was trying to move past its recent divisions over the conflict in bosnia .
From brussels npr's andy bowers reports .
All day long secretary of state warren christopher and his nato colleagues had been stressing that despite the bosnian crisis the alliance remained solid and relevant to today's europe .
American aides implored reporters not to dwell on the past week's infighting and dire predictions that nato itself might collapse due to its role in bosnia .
As evidence of continued unity they pointed to an american proposal endorsed this afternoon on how to proceed with the expansion of nato to the east .
The document did not say anything about which countries might be invited to join or how long the process might take .
It did however set a one year deadline for the alliance to come up with the criteria for joining .
As one senior american official put it we'll spend a year writing a nato application form .
In announcing the deal today secretary christopher said an expanded nato could even help to head off future bosnia like conflicts .
In the first place the partnership for peace in expanding nato to the east i think gives us a commitment of the countries involved to the territorial integrity of all the countries involved .
I think all of us ought to try to learn lessons from the experience of bosnia .
The highlight of the day was supposed to be tonight's ceremonial signing of an agreement between russia and nato pledging consultations over the issue of enlargement .
Russia has always been suspicious of a larger nato and this agreement was supposed to calm its fears .
But kozyrev spoiled the party .
He announced that nato's new plan which he had only just read seemed to him and president yeltsin to have some problems .
Our preliminary reading of the document prompts more questions than answers .
Kozyrev said the nato plan seemed to be rushing toward enlargement without giving russia any time scale for its relations with nato .
So it seems to me that there is kind of a little difficulty for us to understand why in enlargement there is clear timetable at least for the next year and in other areas there is no timetable even for the next years .
An embarrassed nato secretary general willy <unk> could only say that he begged to differ .
There is no change in the strategy and in the policy of nato .
In the beginning of this year generally during the summit we announced clearly our willingness of expansion of nato being the result i quote of an evolutionary process .
So there is nothing new .
American officials said the russian announcement took them by surprise although earlier in the day a senior official had said privately that the u. s. has always kept russia informed of its expansion plans .
The russians understand what we're doing said the official and they know it's not directed at them .
State department spokesman mike mccurry later referred to the possibility that the russian government was simply playing to anti nato nationalists back home .
There would be a temptation to say that this has more to do with domestic politics said mccurry but we'll resist that temptation .
Nonetheless foreign minister kozyrev said he needed clarifications on the nato enlargement plan and did not rule out the possibility that his government will eventually sign tonight's jilted deal .
In the meantime kozyrev secretary christopher and the other members of the so called contact group on bosnia will have to put aside this new dispute when they meet again tomorrow .
They will reportedly discuss a new effort dubbed plan b. by some diplomats to revive the bosnian peace talks .
The plan will likely offer concessions to the bosnian serbs if they in turn accept a formal division of the country .
It may also offer serbian president slobodan milosevic new incentives to convince his bosnian kin to negotiate .
