It's generally acknowledged that people don't read as much as they used to .
Indeed it seems the closest an entire generation gets to a book these days is when one is turned into a t. v. movie of the week .
You'd think that would bother an author of the status of kurt vonnegut but as mark bailey reports vonnegut feels his work transfers quite well from words to visuals .
Hello i'm kurt vonnegut .
My father was an architect and it seems to me that i myself have designed this structure something like this except i've provided something that architects don't provide which is a world behind each door .
Welcome to the monkey house and the latest stories in the anthology by the same name to be turned into television for <unk> .
Unlike many authors who fear that hollywood only serves to trivialize serious writing vonnegut welcomes the opportunity to see his work performed on screen .
Some of the people you would have to deal with are the scum of the earth obviously .
Really not very nice or gifted people but i've been very lucky and i have said that there are two novelists that ought to be crazy over hollywood i'm one of them because the job they did on slaughter house five .
Vonnegut <unk> that the other is margaret mitchell gone with the wind having held up fairly well .
Four new <unk> of <unk> .
Y. house are set to air on <unk> beginning wednesday night with an episode titled fortitude .
In it vonnegut explores just how far man and technology should go to prolong life .
This about a woman who is so wealthy she's left a billion dollars that she can hire the best medical help available .
And so finally the story opens and she's nothing but a head on top of a post and there's this huge engine room down below which is her kidney or lungs and everything else .
A topic torn from today's headlines .
Not hardly .
Vonnegut wrote fortitude in nineteen fifty three .
Future episodes of monkey house promise the same type of biting social commentary faithful to the author's original work .
And if his fans have any doubts vonnegut suggests they try something really bold for the nineties read the book .
I'm very fortunate because everything i've ever done remains in print and it's a usual experience for authors to write something and have it sink like a stone after a year or a couple of years .
And then the movie becomes the only representative of the work of art and so the writer gets hysterical but i wrote the books you know that's what i do .
