One of o. j. simpson's attorneys says he will try to diffuse the war of words over the case and an expert for the defense is two thousand miles away pondering the threat of a jail sentence .
Jim hill has the latest on the famous double murder case .
What some have called media madness surrounding the o. j. simpson case may become a little more sane .
The daily talk from defense lawyers is apparently over .
We are going to take the high road .
We no longer will be talking to the press on a daily basis .
All this week the families of nicole brown simpson and ronald goldman have complained the defense has taken the low road publicly painting o. j. simpson as the victim instead of the two stabbing victims .
The father of nicole brown simpson told c. n. n. defense conduct has been preposterous and insulting .
It has been the defense team louis brown said that has created a circus atmosphere of unparalleled magnitude with daily court house spin briefings autographs condescending remarks and courtroom antics .
Defense lawyers say their new stance toward the media is not the result of the family's public complaints but at least one legal expert says it probably is .
Well i think mr. shapiro's being beaten at his own game .
That's a problem and he's got to quickly retreat and take some action .
Another issue remains unresolved .
Simpson d. n. a. expert peter neufeld is still torn between two trials on two coasts .
New york judge harold <unk> doesn't want neufeld to leave an estimated two week long case that began thursday .
Simpson trial judge lance ito has ordered neufeld to honor a commitment to be at the simpson d. n. a. hearing on december twelfth .
I'm not capable of doing it physically intellectually or psychologically and i doubt anyone else is who practices law .
Judge <unk> is not convinced .
The judge said i'm out of sympathy for mr. simpson and his attorneys .
Neufeld could be jailed for contempt if he <unk> either judge .
His attorney in new york is asking an appeals court to free neufeld from the east coast case .
Meanwhile the process of questioning potential jury alternates continues .
Judge ito gave prospects a strict warning to avoid publicity about the case .
He said unfortunately the velocity quantity and tone of news media coverage is increasing because of factors beyond the court's control .
A brief hearing was also convened to deal with two jail issues .
One of them an unspecified matter with sheriff's deputies was put off until a hearing december eighth .
It's a gag order just on this particular aspect of it yes .
He's asked us not to discuss it .
The other issue dealt with jail visits by simpson's lawyers .
Defense attorneys said they resolved that issue with jail officials outside court .
