House and senate negotiators trying to work out a compromise deficit reduction bill made a little progress this week .
The package is aimed at cutting the deficit by five hundred billion dollars over the next five years .
The conferees tentatively agreed to raise taxes on the benefits of some social security recipients but at a lower level than president clinton originally sought .
They also agreed to make retroactive to march first a higher tax rate for upper middle income and wealthy americans in order to raise more money .
And the negotiators killed a senate plan to put a surcharge on the capital gains earnings of wealthier taxpayers .
Still unresolved is how much of an energy tax to include in the package .
The conference committee has a huge number of members more than two hundred .
Npr's brian naylor reports on how this unwieldy number of lawmakers attempt to do their work .
In an ordinary house senate conference there are a few congressional committees involved and perhaps a couple dozen members .
But in a budget reconciliation conference the motto is think big .
Every committee that has a say in setting taxes user fees raising any sort of revenue is included as are those that authorize spending .
That means just about every committee .
It's rare that they all come together in the same room .
They are grouped into sub conferences each with its own section of the bill to work on each with at least five members .
That's a departure from past practice and the reason why the conference committee itself is so huge .
Peter robinson a former member of the house democratic staff says the bigger sub conferences give democratic leaders more control than they used to have when there were just three members .
If you have two democrats and one republican on each committee if you have just one democrat that's uh squishy on the issue or that has something to gain either in his part of the conference or somewhere else he can basically prevent the conference from concluding because each separate combination of conferees has to sign on for there to be a successful conference report .
While the sub conference members are working on their technical parts of the bill democratic leaders in congress are constantly taking the temperature of members <unk> support for various provisions of the overall package .
For instance a key component of the plan is how much of an energy tax it should include .
Louisiana democrat billy tauzin is opposed to any energy levy and has told this to the chairman of the informal caucus of house conservatives .
W. j. billy tauzin d. l. a. he needed to know that .
That information then gets channeled back to the leadership so they can do a proper head count so they can know whether or not decisions they're making in a conference are going to produce a majority or fall short of a majority .
The real heavy lifting is done in the sub conference of members of the house ways and means committee and the senate finance committee that's the panel working out the details of the taxes the president has proposed and is relying on for half of his deficit reduction target .
Most of that panel's work will be done over the telephone or in closed door meetings between house ways and means committee chairman dan rostenkowski and senate finance committee chairman daniel patrick moynihan .
Many of the conference's more than two hundred members are relatively junior .
One is freshman representative mike <unk> of washington state .
<unk> loyalty to democratic leadership has already been rewarded with a plum assignment on the powerful energy and commerce committee .
And while he may not be a big cog in the reconciliation machine his part should help him with the folks back home .
When they see one of the the person that they elected to from a particular district who is a freshman member taking leadership roles when it deals with budget reconciliation or serving on major committees and and and uh and being recognized for playing a significant role on certain legislation any of these things are going to be ones that'll be looked upon favorably by the electorate as to somebody who is making a difference in congress .
Not all members are going to have that opportunity .
<unk> role on the conference is a small one .
He's part of a group working out an agreement with the senate on user fees assessed by the nuclear regulatory commission a billion dollar program .
That's a tiny fraction of what is a five hundred billion dollar deficit reduction package .
Another key cog in the machine is the congressional and white house staff .
Their work can be mundane .
Tom sculley is a former bush administration official and a veteran of negotiations that led to the nineteen ninety budget agreement .
It's much less uh sinister and cosmic than you'd expect people sit around talk about the policy and an inordinate amount of time is spent unfortunately on scoring .
I mean with the basic trying to make the numbers work out the policies work out and they're all interactive .
By scoring sculley means coming up with the estimates attached to various revenue raising and spending cutting proposals .
The conference leaders hope to complete their work by this time next week .
They're making slow progress said one aide adding as we climb this mountain it's going to get steeper .
