Millions of american students have one thing in common they start the school day by reciting the pledge of allegiance .
But not everyone knows what the pledge means or how it came to be .
Well it's been around for one hundred years and even though it's been through a few changes the message has stayed the same .
C. n. n. newsroom's michelle lima explains .
Most elementary school classrooms begin each day with these familiar words .
For some kids standing to recite the pledge means a chance to delay hitting the books .
Younger kids don't always know what they're saying .
Kindergarten teachers have encountered their students pledging allegiance to one nation invisible .
But even many older ones who can recite it word for word don't really know where these thirty one words came from .
The pledge of allegiance was written one hundred years ago by francis <unk> editor of a children's magazine the <unk> companion .
President benjamin harrison had proclaimed october twenty first one thousand eight hundred ninety two the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of america a national holiday .
To stress the importance of patriotism on young people the <unk> companion launched a plan for a nationwide public school celebration and appointed <unk> chairman .
To urge kids to prepare for the columbus day celebration the magazine published a flag raising ceremony and salute in its september eighth issue .
The salute was <unk> pledge but the original version was somewhat different than today .
<unk> pledge began i pledge allegiance to my flag .
Of the united states of america wasn't added until nineteen twenty four .
The pledge was written solely for the one thousand eight hundred ninety two celebration .
The teachers thought it was a fitting way to begin each school day and it quickly caught on .
After world war two the original salute which too closely resembled the nazi salute was changed to hand over the heart .
The words under god were also excluded from <unk> version but at president eisenhower's request it was added in nineteen fifty four by an act of congress .
What <unk> once called a creed of patriotism soon turned into one of controversy .
In the forties <unk> witnesses were punished when they refused the recite the pledge for religious reasons and in nineteen forty the u. s. supreme court rejected their arguments saying that public schools could expel kids who refused to pledge .
In nineteen forty three it reversed its decision but the issue came up again during the nineteen eighty eight presidential campaign when republican candidate george bush criticized democratic governor michael dukakis for vetoing a massachusetts bill that would have fined public school teachers for not leading the pledge each day .
Today students are not required to pledge although many classrooms do start the day this way .
And any controversy <unk> words may have caused at least got kids thinking about their freedom .
Some of those who refuse to recite say that's exactly what <unk> words stand for the freedom to say or not to say the pledge .
