Now joining us now for more on the summit is c. n. n. business news correspondent bill hartley .
He is in tokyo covering the g. seven .
All right bill often in the past these economic summits have come up with nothing concrete .
Anything different this time .
I can't see that it's going to be at all different stuart as you said earlier it's just one giant photo opportunity .
The main reason for this is that practically every leader is faced with serious domestic problems at home and they just simply can't concentrate on international affairs .
Certainly the best example of this and it's very sad really is japanese prime minister kiichi miyazawa .
He is the host of the summit .
This was to be a great triumph for him but his party received a no confidence vote .
He's a dozen days away from an election .
He's very much a lame duck prime minister although i prefer the japanese phrase rather much more colorful <unk> <unk> it means living corpse and that's pretty much what he is right now .
Well bill that's strong stuff but this is supposed to be an economic summit .
I take it you're telling us that there's no economics coming out of this .
This is primarily political right .
Oh i think definitely .
That's been true in the past as well .
The leaders of the seven nations just are not able to really grasp onto the hard economic issues and so they tend to move over into the political area that's a little bit easier for them .
There'll be a package for russia not as much aid as the u. s. wanted .
There will certainly be a strong statement to the effect that the uruguay round of trade talks must be completed .
They could hardly say anything else but that's not going to change anything .
Well bill of these current seven members of this g. seven group are they still the richest and biggest and most important industrial democracies or should some other members be added now .
Well there is an argument that some should .
For instance spain is now a much richer nation than canada but it's certainly not represented here .
There's been an argument that the soviet russia rather and china as major economic powers certainly not democracies but major economic powers should also be asked to join the group of seven .
You could make an interesting argument that the whole concept of the group of seven is irrelevant right now .
All right bill hartley live from tokyo reporting on that g. seven summit .
