I'm judy woodruff with my colleague bernard shaw .
Once again back to our coverage of the whitewater hearings today before the senate banking committee .
And bernie we want to welcome our international audience we should say joining us now .
We want to say that what we've been hearing for a little over an hour is the women who's the general counsel at the treasury department whose testimony to members of the committee in private up until now have contradicted the testimony of both the treasury secretary and the treasury deputy secretary .
So her words have been very much awaited .
She's being questioned now by senator richard shelby democrat of alabama .
The conversation that i had with mr. nussbaum related to press inquiries that he was likely to receive .
He was bound by the ethics regulations .
O. k. .
And in fact was the chief ethics officer for the office of the president .
And i was bound by the ethics rules as well and it never occurred to me that he would use that information for any purpose other than the governmental purpose that i intended it to be used .
As general counsel there at the treasury and also working with r. o. t. c. in that role did it ever occur to you that information once it left r. t. c. could be used for many purposes .
Could be leaked past the white house .
I was under the impression and in fact i turned out to be right that the information was going to be leaked and it was leaked out of the r. t. c. to a number of news reporters .
Ms. hanson did you ever ever check with treasury or r. t. c. ethics officers before meeting with the white house .
I didn't have to do that .
I was familiar with the ethics rules .
I understood how they operated .
I understood that i was doing this for a governmental purpose a proper governmental purpose .
Have you had second thoughts on that .
Excuse me .
Have you had second thoughts on that .
No and the office of government ethics has said the same thing .
O. k. .
In your meeting at the white house this has been touched on in your deposition and here too i suppose but could you tell us for the record again what you basically told mr. nussbaum and the other gentleman .
There was someone else there too .
Mr. sloan .
Mr. sloan .
As i stated i don't recall the specifics of the conversation .
I don't recall exactly what i said .
I couldn't have .
Did you take notes with you when you went down there .
I don't recall that i did .
You don't recall whether you took notes down there and you don't recall the specific conversation but you do recall briefing him regarding the r. t. c. information that was <unk> to you .
That's right .
But of your own recollection you don't remember any of it now .
Is that what you're saying to the committee .
I don't remember specifically what i told him .
O. k. .
Well could you generally tell us what you told him .
Well going back to mr. <unk> notes which was a question that i was asked about .
Are you referring to mr. <unk> notes now .
I'm referring to mr. <unk> notes of september thirtieth .
O. k. .
And looking at mr. <unk> notes they do not refresh my recollection of having had a conversation with him on that date .
And there's some information in here that i don't recognize but the bulk of the information that's in mr. <unk> notes is what i recall having been told by mr. <unk> .
Do you differ with his notes in any way .
There are some things in here i don't i don't remember .
What do you differ with .
As i say i don't remember .
Some of the things in here i don't remember .
I don't remember for example the whitewater company .
I just don't remember that .
Yes ma'am .
But the bulk of what is here is my recollection of what i was told by mr. <unk> .
Do you have any reason although you might not remember everything about what transpired in the meeting do you have any real reason to differ with his notes .
Number .
No sir .
Ms. hanson did you check with the treasury ethics officer before the february second white house meeting .
I asked you and you said no .
Is that right .
I thought you asked me about the september meeting .
The first white house o. k. the first one .
Did you check with the white house did you check with the treasury ethics officers before the february second white house meeting .
Yes i did .
You did .
And what did they tell you if anything .
We discussed generally the topics that mr. altman intended to discuss .
Did they talk to you about the propriety of the meeting and how it would the perception of it .
Did you go into that .
I spoke with the deputy general counsel who is the treasury designated agency ethics officer for his peers .
And what advice did you get if any .
He said he didn't have an objection to the meeting .
No objection to the meeting .
O. k. .
I believe you were asked earlier about your about when mr. altman testified before this same banking committee back in february .
I forget the exact date .
And you were in the audience .
You were counsel seated right behind him if i recall .
Is that correct .
That's correct .
What and you recall i recall you using the phrase that you said and i quote you thought that it would require further <unk> on some of his answers .
Is that your words .
Those are my words .
O. k. .
But did you ever while he was testifying hand him a note or something to refresh his recollection about these questions that were being asked for him .
I recall handing him notes from time to time .
But do you recall if these were to correct some of these answers and he didn't he ignored the notes or what .
I don't recall sir .
I recall that ms. <unk> and i drafted a response to an answer to a question we anticipated during the hearing and gave that to him for him to look it over but i don't recall exactly what else .
What he did with it if anything do you .
Well he kept that one to use for an answer .
It was a question that we didn't have a specific answer to and drafted it during the course of the hearing .
And i passed him some other notes as well .
I don't recall what they were .
Were some of those notes and this will be my my time is up my last part of this question .
Were some of the notes that y'all would pass to him then would they be to help him further elaborate on his answers like we all do .
I don't recall that any that there were any notes of that type .
O. k. .
My time is up .
I want to yield to senator mack who is going to continue on their side .
I've spoken to senator d'amato .
I want to just take a minute myself .
I think it's i'll elaborate on this more at a later point .
I think for your reference and the reference of any other person that comes before a senate or house committee in a situation such as the meeting we're referring to if information is asked for by a senator let's keep it on the senate side and an incomplete answer is given and to get the information later is not the same thing as giving a full and responsive answer at the time particularly if there are follow up questions .
If there's a pattern of questions that make it clear that senators are trying to understand something if there are incomplete answers one after the other and you're there in the room and you possess the knowledge and you allow that to go on i think you have some obligation you and anybody else in that situation to respond in real time .
That's why we have hearings .
Yes you put stuff in the record that you may not have the information on at the time .
If you've got to go find something and put it in the record that's one thing .
If you're sitting there and you have the information and it's withheld that is not proper in my view whether you're the person doing the testifying or somebody you directly report to is sitting there doing the testifying and is giving answers not once but more than once that are incomplete and you recognize to be incomplete i think there's an obligation to respond in real time .
And you can write a note as you say just did with ms. <unk> on something else .
You can certainly write a note in that area .
And i say that to you but to everybody else that might be there in an equivalent situation .
A later response down the line for the record is not the same thing as a true and accurate response in real time .
Do you understand what i'm saying .
I do understand what you're saying sir .
If i might as i stated mr. altman was testifying .
He had questions and answers in front of him .
And i had every reason to believe that he was making decisions as he testified .
The issues before us now have assumed much more importance and significance than they had at that particular time .
As i stated i fully expected that we would respond in an orderly way and respond fully and completely to every question .
And there was no intention on my part sir not to do that .
Mr. chairman could i have ten seconds on this follow up .
Yeah sure go ahead .
Of course .
Mrs. hanson you said that mr. altman had the questions and answers before him .
Were these a lot of the questions that were anticipated like in preparation for the oversight hearing and some of the answers that you all had prepared or he had prepared himself to answer accordingly .
Is that what you were referring to .
Yes .
But sometimes in the heat of a oversight hearing or a courtroom or so forth you can't always anticipate the question because sometimes those questions are spontaneous .
Is that correct .
That's correct .
And so if he had a stock answer it might not have been the proper answer to a spontaneous question .
That's correct .
And in fact that is what happened here .
Thank you mr. chairman .
Counsel just handed you the preparation sheet that she's making reference to in this situation and you'll notice that last point is one of the contentious points in the sense that that had been reviewed and was a part of the formal written preparation and this is what really she's making reference to right now .
But i thought as she said that you ought to have the document with you .
Mr. chairman i think what you were getting into is what i alluded to and i think that's very important that people answer accordingly and if they've got information they bring it out then not later right .
Senator mack .
Thank you mr. chairman .
Ms. hanson i just want to go back to that memo on september thirtieth for just a moment that you had sent to mr. altman where you have asked bill <unk> to keep me informed .
Is there anything else you think we should be doing .
I gave my copy back i'm sorry .
Can someone provide her with that memo again then .
No not that no don that's i'm talking about the memo that she wrote to .
I beg your pardon .
There we go .
That's it .
Ms. hanson .
The question and again this is really just in passing .
Is there anything else you think we should be doing is that in that memorandum that you have .
Is that in that memorandum .
Yes it is .
Yes it is sir .
O. k. .
And all my question is is the we you and mr. altman .
As i say i don't have an independent recollection of preparing this memorandum but i would interpret that to mean yes .
I understand .
Whether there was anything that we mr. altman and i should be doing .
O. k. .
Fine .
Did you attend or set up a meeting at the white house on october fourteenth nineteen ninety three .
I attended a meeting i didn't set it up .
O. k. .
And who attended .
From treasury joshua steiner and jack <unk> and myself and from the white house mr. nussbaum mr. sloan mr. lindsey mr. gearan .
I understand mr. <unk> was there as well but i don't recall that .
Yeah o. k. .
I'm going to read you just part of a memorandum that bruce lindsey and he was there .
Yes sir .
A memorandum that bruce lindsey wrote on october twentieth with reference to the october fourteenth nineteen ninety three meeting .
Two paragraphs that i'm going to read .
One of the referrals however involved and this is his recollection of the meeting one of the referrals however involved four cashier's checks each for three thousand .
Two were made three thousand dollars .
Two were made payable to the clinton for governor campaign and two made payable to bill clinton .
The checks were dated april fourth and fifth of nineteen eighty five .
All four checks were deposited into the bank of cherry valley .
<unk> wanted <unk> to find out who had endorsed the checks .
A check of our campaign records turned up three cashier's checks for three thousand each from j. w. fulbright ken peacock and <unk> <unk> and a personal check for three thousand dollars from jim mcdougal signed by susan mcdougal .
Later on in the memorandum the r. t. c. believes that the funds for the cashier's checks came from a loan from madison guaranty to a republican but supposedly the republican was unaware that some of the loan funds had been diverted .
Do you have any recollection of that being discussed at that .
I have a recollection of checks being discussed and i've seen mr. <unk> memo .
It's unclear to me from that memo the way it's written whether information was discussed at the meeting or subsequently provided .
I have no recollection of that last paragraph .
I don't know what the source of that information is and i don't recall having heard it .
Can i ask you something .
Were you ever given that information .
I'm sorry .
Were you ever given that information .
Senator mack has just relayed to you a memo .
I want to know in the briefing that you had did you ever get that information .
Did i ever get the information .
When mr. <unk> called you and made reference to the nine criminal referrals did he give you that information .
Is that the information he gave you .
The information about the checks or the information or the information about the .
About the nine referrals and did he give you .
I don't recall hearing anything about checks from mr. <unk> at all .
But you do remember the nine criminal referrals .
That's right .
And if i can just just the last point .
I the implication i think that's here though frankly is that mr. lindsey has learned about these checks from you .
That's the implication .
I did not have that information .
Sir i understood actually i understood that the information about the checks came from mr. mr. <unk> that it was the .
I don't think he had that information .
Yeah the r. t. c. believes that the funds for the cashier's checks came from a <unk> yeah i don't think mr. <unk> had that information at that time .
Well certainly mr. <unk> according to this had the information about the checks because mr. <unk> wanted mr. <unk> to find out who had endorsed them .
As i say i have no recollection of ever having heard anything about checks from mr. <unk> .
I don't have any further questions .
Senator bennett .
Thank you .
I intend to yield to senator roth .
