A sell off on the stock market a sell off on the bond market .
Both in part related to the whitewater affair .
This is one of those occasions when politics has a direct impact on your investments .
Our guest this morning is a specialist in this mix of beltway and wall street .
He's greg valliere political economist at credit <unk> .
He joins us from our studios in washington .
Greg welcome back .
Good morning .
What exactly is it about whitewater that worries investors .
Well i think the fear is that eventually at some point there could be a perception abroad that the u. s. is becoming paralyzed by this .
Do you think that the administration the clinton administration can continue to govern and get its legislative agenda through congress .
I think it can but you have to realize that we're looking at perhaps one year of investigations by the special prosecutor .
It could be well into nineteen ninety five before this thing is resolved .
And i think what the white house is worried about is that during that period you get a more revelations and b. a steady erosion in clinton's job rating .
But the international investors are taking it even a step further than that aren't they .
Well they are .
I think sometimes the perception is greater than the reality .
I think the perception among some foreigners is that this could be nineteen seventy four all over again and i think that's grossly premature .
And probably <unk> in the markets isn't it at this point .
Well i think so .
I think really for the markets in addition to this fear abroad that is affecting the dollar there's an important impact here domestically and that is that most institutional investors perceive correctly that the clinton agenda at least for this year is really dead .
And i think that ironically is quite bullish for the health care sector .
Wait a second greg .
You just said that the legislative agenda for this year essentially did i hear you correctly in saying it is dead .
Did you say that .
Yeah i think so .
That means that health care reform welfare reform the job retraining bill all dead in the water .
Nothing happens to all of those areas this year correct .
Well i think something may happen but it certainly isn't going to be what mr. and mrs. clinton want to see .
On health care for example we'll get something very modest out of congress that will not have price controls there will not be employer mandates .
I think the bill that finally makes it through congress if we even get one on health care will be pretty innocuous .
But wait a second greg .
The democrats have control at least a majority in the house and in the senate .
They also have the white house .
Won't those democrats in congress rally around the president and push his legislative agenda through regardless of what's happening with whitewater .
Well i always tell people i think in washington before people even shave or take a shower in the morning they read the polls .
And i think the polls over the next few months will show this erosion of the president's rating and i think a lot of democrats who are looking at the election in november will start to distance themselves from the president .
But you're not predicting gridlock are you .
Or are you .
No i still think we'll get things but the more aggressive activist agenda that the clintons want i think will be rejected and what finally will emerge will come from a centrist coalition of some republicans and moderate democrats .
What do you think the fed's going to do in all of this .
Do you think that there's going to be another tightening soon or not .
Well if you look at the economic statistics over the last few weeks it seems inevitable there'll be a tightening .
I think the only two questions are when .
The answer probably is early april maybe after the april first employment number .
And how much .
Will it just be twenty five basis points on the funds rate or might it be even more .
Bottom line greg the legislative agenda of mr. clinton is in real trouble and all of this is a big negative for the financial markets .
I think so .
And i think with more revelations coming and more you know scurrilous rumors coming out this is going to be a very nerve racking time .
If there's one thing the markets don't like it's uncertainty .
And i think this has injected an element of uncertainty into the financial markets .
Greg valliere from washington .
