The guys and gals walking into hollywood comedy clubs <unk> wearing fancy suits are a dead giveaway they're network executives on a continuing mission to find a stand up comic that could be turned into a multi million dollar sit com franchise .
There's a stand up invasion on network television following the phenomenal ratings successes of roseanne home improvement and seinfeld nine new shows have been added to the fall schedule bringing the current total to near twenty .
You haven't heard it my way .
I do it the soul way .
It's called cheap labor .
We've already been tested you see a comics already been tested .
See an actor it's oh man i don't know if he can do this .
A comic you go see in a club people are dying he been doing it for four or five years he's tested .
What better people than stand up comics to know what's funny .
That's what we do .
We are funny for a living so why not it's like a natural progression to go to <unk> have a sitcom .
Thea you're <unk> yourself too thin .
Ooh i love <unk> thea and thin in the same sentence .
A. b. c. is banking heavily on the concept .
It currently features ten prime time shows starring comics including the brand new thea the paula poundstone show and grace under fire with brett butler .
When they get us we're like a combination of a dream and a nightmare .
Like oh my gosh it thinks .
It has ideas about where this show should go .
That point of view is just what we're looking for in the creation of a new situation comedy .
Where tim allen or roseanne or a brett butler or a thea <unk> can bring some of what they became popular with around the country in the comedy clubs and put some of that into the creation of a situation comedy .
Fox has five series staring stand ups including the newly added <unk> <unk> and daddy dearest .
I don't mind reading words i never would have come up with .
If it works it works .
I just have the i've paid my dues enough to say this doesn't work .
C. b. s. which has no stand ups in its line up is apparently not sold on the idea sticking with the tried and true sitcom formulas .
But not so n. b. c. .
Comedian john <unk> who stars in and executive produces the second half tells how easy it was to land his own series .
Rick levin saw me at the improv and called up my agent a couple of days later and said does john have an idea for a t. v. show and i said yes and went into his office and less than five minutes i sold him a t. v. show .
