Treasury secretary lloyd bentsen's young chief of staff joshua steiner was told very bluntly just a short while ago if you were watching here on c. n. n. that he has a convenient memory the criticism directly coming from a democrat .
Mr. shelby of tennessee at one point noting that he's a very educated young man went to new york university and to university college at oxford .
He said you've got a convenient memory today but these diaries speak for themselves don't they and young josh steiner said i'm here senator under oath .
At the beginning of his testimony he sought to <unk> some of the entries .
He said that he wished that his entries had been more accurate .
They were not meant to be a precise narrative .
Now republican connie mack is talking to one of the witnesses .
And what were those surprises .
Well one of the things i learned is that a couple of other reporters had been talking to the white house about this matter .
I had senator mack but you thought you were going there to give them information .
Yes sir .
Do you remember who was at the meeting .
Yes sir .
From the treasury it was jean hanson josh steiner and me .
From the white house it was bernard nussbaum bruce lindsey mark gearan and there were some other people whose names i didn't know who were in and out of the meeting .
And the point that most of those people as i understand it were attorneys doesn't say anything about what the meeting was all about .
I don't understand your question .
Well i was under the impression frankly that this was a meeting that was called for the purpose of discussing press inquiries and i just i had just assumed frankly that it was going to be a meeting of press types and was surprised when i saw the list of people who were there it seemed like it was a group of attorneys .
Well i was there of course and i deal in press matters .
Mark gearan was there he was the communications director for the white house .
I was somewhat surprised to see bruce lindsey there but i learned that in fact mr. lindsey handled press inquiries that involved matters that had occurred in arkansas .
It's not unusual if you're going to have a press meeting to have others sit in because for several reasons non press people can sometimes offer good advice to press people .
Were you surprised that the r. t. c. press person was not there .
Number .
And why not .
My recollection is from my perspective my recollection is that the primary information the reporter who had talked to me was interested in involved endorsements on the checks that had been contributed to this fundraiser back in the mid eighty's and my recollection is that the r. t. c. i didn't know they would know anything about that whereas the white house might .
Why did you not think that the r. t. c. wouldn't have knowledge about those checks .
Well i just assumed that since the since the funds had been contributed to governor clinton most candidates are careful to keep records of who made the contributions and i just assumed they would be more likely to have it .
Who did who did who were the checks from that were in question .
I don't know .
Was mcdougal one of them .
I don't know .
Okay .
I believe you formally testified that earlier that you excuse me you formally testified that the earliest you ever remember even receiving a press inquiry was october the eleventh nineteen ninety three .
Is that correct .
The earliest i that's correct with one qualification .
The earliest i receive recalling a press inquiry which let me know that the r. t. c. was actively continuing to investigate the madison guaranty situation .
That came as a surprise to me .
And when was that did you say .
October the eleventh .
Okay .
Miss hanson testified yesterday that mr. altman called you both down to his own office for a meeting on october the eleventh or twelfth nineteen ninety three .
Do you recall that meeting .
I do not .
Well she testified that during that meeting mr. altman was engaged in a discussion about how to respond to the press inquiry mr. <unk> sp and inquiry from mr. <unk> sp .
Does that refresh your recollection .
No sir it does not .
I don't recall that meeting .
You don't recall that meeting at all .
Not at all .
Thank you .
Thank you senator mack .
Senator kerry .
Thank you very much mr. chairman .
Welcome .
Mr. steiner i know this is the last place in the world that you ever imagined yourself being and under the circumstances i know it's highly uncomfortable .
I know of you as others do as a person of enormous ability extremely talented moral idealistic and i think that all of that leaps out of your diary as a matter of fact .
I think your character which i don't question i think you show the evidence of your character in your own diary in a number of different places .
Your judgment is good you see things coming you perceive the dangers you showed the acumen that i think was present in your being appointed to the position that you're in .
And indeed you had the good common sense when george stephanopoulos was firing off steam and angry as anybody would have been angry incidentally i think being honest about the circumstances and your reaction was you persuaded george that doing anything would have been stupid and improper in terms of stephens and it cooled down but that was good judgment .
In addition you drew lessons .
You said that the lesson of all of this is do what you think is the right thing early recuse .
You said remember that everything might eventually be asked about under oath .
Don't let the white house get involved in any way .
These are all good instincts .
And indeed you didn't draw the wrong lesson you also later on said such an incredible city been battling with r. t. c. madison wrote two pages about what's been going on suddenly realized i could be subpoenaed like packwood's and the most innocuous comments could be take out of context so on that subject nothing .
And you didn't destroy your diary .
You left you diary we have it .
So i think there is in all of this a very refreshing kind of truthfulness almost innocent observation of the goings on of washington .
And it therefore sort of troubles me a little bit that you now want to distance yourself to a certain degree or try to cast some nuances on it though i'm not sure that that's where you're going .
I want to try to explore it a bit .
There are five separate referrals in your two extractions to the subject of <unk> .
First you say that should <unk> recuse himself or should he stay involved you discuss the hurdle and that's between the first month january twenty fourth and february twelfth .
Then later on between february thirteenth and twenty seventh so we're spanning the period of about a month here you then say for weeks we have been battling over how <unk> should handle the investigation .
Initially we all felt he should recuse himself .
Then you have this the white house saying it was unacceptable .
Then you say at the hearing the <unk> amazingly did not come up with a sense of relief that this great topic of <unk> didn't come up .
Then you say the next day the new york times ran a front page story .
The heat was on .
We spent a tortured day which has been referred to by senator shelby trying to decide if he should recuse himself .
Again <unk> is front and center .
Then all of a sudden despite all of this torture despite all of these weeks of discussions despite all of the pressure howell raines seems to be able to elicit from roger altman what no one else could which was a quick <unk> on the telephone .
And again the <unk> is sort of front and center .
Now if you go into your preparation of all of the questions for mr. altman appearing before this committee why are you unwilling to recuse yourself and he answers the question or the suggestion was well i will not what is it i will not play any role in the r. t. c.'s eventual decision .
I will not be doing so .
I will therefore have no role in the r. t. c.'s decisions on the matter .
Next you should still recuse yourself .
Why don't you .
As i said i'll have no role in the r. t. c. decisions on pursuing the claim .
These are all phrased these are not the actual answers these are suggestions .
But most of all senator the circumstances are such that i'll not be playing any role .
Again doesn't your relationship with president and mrs. clinton require <unk> .
Answer again being proposed i'll not be playing any role therefore there won't be any appearance of conflict .
I am absolutely struggling to understand why it <unk> being such a discussion why you spent days on this issue .
If he isn't going to have any role if he isn't going to make any decision if he isn't going to be involved then why did it matter whether he stayed or not .
Now you've said here there are only two reasons for his staying the precedent and the guarantee impartiality .
How do you guarantee impartiality if you're not going to play any role .
I believe senator that would be two questions which i should address myself to .
First is why there was so much discussion about this subject and the second is how do you guarantee impartiality .
I'm sorry .
I apologize .
Two questions .
The first i suspect that i placed more emphasis in my diary on this subject than perhaps other participants might which is to say i thought this was an important issue and i continued to consider it an important issue after mr. altman had made his initial decision on february third .
And so i suspect my diary reflects my own belief that this was an important issue but may not fully capture the emphasis or attention other people paid to it .
The second point that you make which is how do you guarantee impartiality if you're not going to be involved i think mr. altman had said repeatedly both to r. t. c. and to treasury staff that he wanted this case handled in a completely impartial non political fashion .
I think that's how you guarantee impartiality .
Well i'm not sure how you can if you're not involved and you're not playing any role you can't know what's going on .
To guarantee impartiality you have to make a decision you have to say no you can't do that or don't pursue this or don't pursue that .
If you're genuinely leaving the investigation up to <unk> what on earth was there to remain involved for .
Well senator i think mr. altman sent out a clear direction has to how he wanted this case handled and that's what executives often do .
They may give clear direction as to how they want something to proceed and .
Was there any indication from mr. ryan or ms. <unk> that it would proceed any way than otherwise .
I don't believe so no senator .
Then what was the concern .
Well i think the concern as i mentioned was expressed by mr. nussbaum .
I understand the concern expressed by mr. nussbaum and he'll be here as with others to explain it .
I'm just trying to understand i mean i think your diary is very refreshing i think it's very honest .
I know you .
I know you're honest and i know the idealism with which you approach this process .
I think you have nothing but the highest public motives at stake .
And you know you're the kind of person we need involved in public service .
So i take this very i mean you certainly weren't writing the diary for the purposes of being <unk> were you .
Senator absolutely not .
But .
I assume you wanted to have the most accurate diary you could have had didn't you .
I want to repeat senator if i could and i'm sure to write a precise narrative or to give an exact chronology of what took place .
Over the past five months i've had to live with this document and i've had to go and testify under oath about exactly what i knew and exactly what i think occurred and that's what i'm trying to do for you today and .
Well i appreciate that .
My time is up .
I don't want to cut you off at all .
My time is up and i want to stick by the time limits .
Thank you .
Senator faircloth .
Thank you mr. chairman .
And i'll go to mr. steiner also .
And if you will pull that microphone real close and speak a little slower .
Yes sir .
You testified that you believe roger altman was candid with the committee yet you wrote in your diary that altman gracefully ducked the <unk> issue .
Is it your testimony that being candid and gracefully ducking are consistent .
Senator i don't believe that he ducked any questions about <unk> .
I don't believe he was asked any questions about <unk> .
Well what about gracefully what do you mean by gracefully ducking the <unk> issue .
The allusion here senator is not to the <unk> issue the allusion is to questions concerning treasury white house contacts .
And .
Yeah meetings of do you mean to tell me avoiding answering questions on the issue when you say you're ducking is that what you mean .
Senator as i said .
Give me your description of ducking a question .
Senator as i said i think mr. altman was truthful in his testimony before you .
Is truthful and ducking consistent in testimony .
I think mr. altman was asked a question which he did not anticipate .
And he answered in a way that allowed him to convey the information in the clearest possible way that he could .
Josh if i might what question are you referring to that he did not anticipate .
I believe he was asked about treasury white house contacts .
Would it change your mind if you were to know that the evening before in a conversation with me that i had advised him that we would be asking him directly what contacts he had and treasury had with the white house .
Were you aware of that phone conversation i had with mr. altman .
No i was not senator .
Well would that change your mind .
Senator .
If i told him the evening before we are going to ask you what contacts you or treasury or your staff and the staff of the white house have had .
And you're telling me that he gracefully ducked the questions he knew was going to be asked .
Well senator let me .
I mean the whole thing is that he knew what he was going to be asked .
He wasn't surprised .
And you're saying that he very gracefully ducked them .
So in other words i don't know make a distinction between ducking and lying .
Senator if i might if i were to describe that testimony today i would undoubtedly choose different words .
What now .
If i were to describe the testimony today .
Oh i'm sure of that .
I didn't laughter i never doubted that .
Lord have mercy .
I knew you'd use different words today .
But you tell me the difference between ducking and lying .
Senator as i said before i do not believe that mr. altman lied to this committee or attempted to mislead this committee .
I believe he spoke truthfully and to the best of his knowledge .
If <unk> not misleading ducking is misleading .
Now what does lying do .
Senator as i said i have no reason to believe nor do i believe that mr. altman lied to this committee .
But he ducked .
Senator i think he was asked a question which he didn't anticipate .
In fact you kind of admired his ducking because you said he ducked gracefully rather than <unk> .
Laughter .
I mean you know that's nicer ducking than kind of stumbling through a duck than to gracefully duck .
Mr. foreman .
Yes sir .
In your deposition you testified about a conversation you had with beth nolan who worked for bill clinton in the white house .
In that conversation you said that you told her that there was concern about the possibility of new leadership at the r. t. c. in other words somebody besides altman .
You said that the concern was that the new leadership might and i quote come up with some off the wall decisions relative to the madison civil case .
Mr. foreman as ethics director why should you care whether someone other than roger altman made the decision about madison guaranty civil case .
You're the ethics director .
You're supposed to be grading them not directing them .
Senator excuse me .
Were you stopped .
I did not that was not my comment from my head .
I was passing on something that i had heard .
Wait a minute now .
What now .
Who were you passing it on from .
To the best of my recollection ms. hanson said to me something like there was concern because the other leadership in the r. t. c. was brand new in their positions and someone had expressed a concern that there was no experience with the thoroughness and fairness with which they made decisions .
And that was the basis of the comment that i passed on to ms. nolan .
Well i would think the ethics director you're somewhat of a judge .
You're supposed to be sort of setting the example .
Isn't that right .
I would like to think so .
All right so you worried about passing on information as to who might come up with something different from the would produce a different outcome from what you all were hoping for .
Senator that's not what that comment goes toward .
One of the factors when one looks to decide whether or not to make a discretionary decision of whether to recuse is looking at the other people who would be making the decision if that person doesn't .
It's one of the factors listed in section five hundred two .
I was merely passing on a comment that someone had made to me .
Let me ask you another question and if you will be shorter in your answer mr. foreman in depositions we have learned that you had a conversation with jean hanson who testified here yesterday for eight hours .
In that conversation you and jean hanson talked the concern that ellen <unk> would be the one making the decisions about madison guaranty .
Yesterday we learned that ellen <unk> is regarded as being a tough lawyer .
If you weren't trying to influence the outcome of the decision or whether to file civil cases in the madison matter why were you concerned about a tough lawyer being the one to make the decision .
I wasn't concerned at all about a tough lawyer making the decision .
That was fine with me .
I had no view on the question of who would be making the decision .
My only interest was that somebody had mentioned this which is a factor related to people who would be making the decision if roger didn't .
I personally had no concern about that and as i've said before i believe that mr. altman should recuse himself from this matter .
Bernard nussbaum complained to jean hanson before about the choice of ellen <unk> the person who will make the decision in the madison matter .
Nussbaum twice wanted to know how <unk> got hired without being cleared by him even though the r. t. c. is supposed to be an independent agency .
The <unk> house wanted to make the madison guaranty civil cases take the cases away from ellen <unk> instead put the decision in the hands of robert fiske .
Why would the white house want to replace a lawyer that they think is too tough with robert fiske .
Were they thinking he'd be softer .
I don't have any idea about that senator .
I had no knowledge of that at the time and i don't know what anyone may have been thinking who said that .
By they wanted to replace <unk> with fiske so .
Senator i don't know i don't know that .
All i i remember ms. hanson making a comment about looking at the scope of mr. fiske's responsibilities from the justice department and i remember someone making a comment that it included civil claims .
That's all i remember about that .
One more quick .
I have no idea what the white house wanted to do sir .
One more quick question .
Let me just say let me just say the time has expired .
If you've got one follow up we're about to go and vote and then we're going to recess .
I've got one question .
If you could ask it quickly we'll do it and then recess .
Did you talk with robert fiske before he made a decision not to prosecute anybody in this matter .
No sir .
All right thank you .
Now the committee is going to recess briefly .
We've got three votes in a row .
The last two votes have .
We will continue our live coverage of these whitewater hearings before the senate banking committee .
And one thing to our very fine viewers in alabama i did not mean to steal your senator from you .
I identified richard shelby as being a democrat from tennessee .
My apology .
He's indeed from alabama .
We should tell you that c. n. n. will continue throughout the week covering these whitewater hearings .
Early this afternoon the deputy treasury secretary roger altman will be in the hot seat for many many hours and c. n. n. will cover all of it live .
Tomorrow the treasury secretary lloyd bentsen will be before this senate banking committee .
On thursday former white house counsel bernard nussbaum and the current white house counsel lloyd cutler and on friday there will be other senior clinton administration officials testifying both in the senate and the house side .
