Negotiations begin tuesday for the t. v. rights to the nineteen ninety six olympic games in atlanta .
Many expect cable programming to pick up where a major broadcast network leaves off providing hours of additional coverage .
Also to be resolved which country will play host in the year two thousand .
China could be the big winner but not if several u. s. lawmakers have their way .
Kathleen koch reports .
This is the pageantry chinese officials hope to see unfold in beijing's tiananmen square in the year two thousand .
But opponents say that's a disgrace considering the massacre there just four years ago .
I think the olympic games are an honor that the world <unk> on a country and i don't think that honor should be <unk> on a country that systematically tortures and <unk> political dissidents .
Bradley a former olympic athlete himself has introduced one of two non binding congressional resolutions urging rejection of beijing's candidacy .
China calls the measures a wanton interference with the just right of the chinese people and <unk> upon olympic principles .
Beijing is said to be among the top three cities the international olympic committee or i. o. c. is considering before it votes on september twenty third .
At a recent hearing one u. s. senator predicted the resolutions could backfire .
They will guarantee that beijing gets the olympics that other nations in the world will not regard this as an appropriate move on our part and will show their independence by defying this .
The president of the u. s. olympic committee warned the interference could jeopardize the olympic hopes of american cities and athletes .
I think we cannot possibly forget the impact on the potential awarding of the games the winter games of two thousand two to salt lake city and more importantly to me our major client the athletes .
Some fear the debate could <unk> into another u. s. boycott like that of the nineteen eighty moscow olympics .
It cost about four thousand athletes the chance to compete and it sparked a counter boycott against the nineteen eighty four los angeles summer games .
Lawmakers insist that won't happen this time .
And should the olympics committee should beijing we will have a full delegation there .
The u. s. delegate vows the i. o. c. will resist any pressure .
Each i. o. c. member as part of election to the i. o. c. takes a solemn oath to remain free from political and commercial influences .
But like it or not politics and the olympics may become intertwined again with the house and senate's scheduled votes next week on the china resolutions .
