Labor news at home .
First it was ford now chrysler has reached a contract agreement with the united auto workers union .
No details precisely but like ford's it is said to include a small wage increase and no reduction in health benefits .
That leaves general motors which is in the <unk> financial condition of the big three .
If you filled up at the gas station today you can surely relate to the next story .
Last spring congress voted to raise the tax on gasoline to help reduce the federal deficit not much about thirty dollars a year for the average driver .
That increase went into effect today and a. b. c.'s bob jamieson has been listening to the reaction at the pumps .
As this simple act was repeated at gas stations across the country it got the attention of motorists that weeks of congressional debate had not .
Pump prices reflected the four point three cent increase which now makes the total federal tax on a gallon of gasoline eighteen point four cents .
They seem to always got to gas taxes to raise money and i'm just tired of paying it .
They always say they're going to do one thing and do another thing with the money you know .
But it's still hurting me .
That's the first one clinton got .
He ain't stopping there .
He's gonna keep going on and on and on and on as long as congress goes along with him .
The loudest complaints came from truckers particularly those who own and operate their rigs .
The increase will cost them at least a thousand dollars more a year .
When you raise our fuel taxes that comes out of our pocket and we can't charge it back to the customer .
It's gotten totally out of hand we're not making any money anymore we're running ourselves to death .
Another cold blow to truckers one more time .
But in many places even where the local gasoline taxes are as much or more than the federal tax there was grudging acceptance of the increase .
It's not enough to make me stop driving my car or think i'm not going to and that's the way taxes work .
Well if it's really going to reduce the deficit i really don't mind .
I think we can well afford four point three cents a gallon of gasoline .
I think gasoline prices in this country are more than reasonable .
In fact even with the tax increase the price of gasoline today is lower than it was in nineteen eighty one .
Bob jamieson a. b. c. news new york .
There is a sign today that the economy in general is picking up after a very sluggish first half of the year .
The government's index of leading economic indicators which signals future economic activities scored its best gain of the year in august .
It was up one percent .
That helped send wall street higher today .
The dow jones industrials gained nearly twenty six points to close at three thousand five hundred eighty one .
The trading was heavy and for the week stocks gained thirty eight points .
Well there's nothing like a practical demonstration to put life into a government briefing .
That's the labor secretary robert reich talking to reporters about safety in the workplace .
Keep your eye on the department's logo right over his head .
One big issue has been unclear and that is the issue of how things fall i mean there may be a workplace injury problem right here if i'm not careful .
A few seconds later the building's fire alarm sounded .
The secretary led the reporters safely down to the street .
It was a false alarm .
