The phantom of the opera celebrates its fifth anniversary on broadway tuesday night .
The andrew lloyd weber musical is about a <unk> composer who <unk> the paris opera .
Phantom has been seen by almost three point five million people on broadway and has had more than two thousand performances .
Cynthia tornquist has more .
The phantom of the opera which had its united states premier on january twenty sixth nineteen eighty eight at broadway's majestic theater went on to win seven tony awards including best musical .
The story of the phantom dramatically therefore seems to me to be a very contemporary one .
The musical is a love story about a <unk> composer who <unk> the paris opera house .
British actor michael crawford was the first to portray the phantom .
The face behind the current phantom belongs to actor mark jacoby .
This character is a <unk> character .
He's you've got lots of makeup on to create that yet somehow audiences still fall in love with the phantom despite the way he looks .
Uh huh .
I think you've really hit upon one of the reasons for the overwhelming success of the show is that dichotomy between the terrorist which is really what the phantom is and his ultimate appeal to christine the main female character and the audience as a whole .
The musical has broken every advance box office record .
Its success has created a demand for merchandise including <unk> <unk> and t. shirts .
Its success is something that's shown other producers that a way to both publicize their show as well as to add to its revenues is to merchandise it .
Internationally phantom has been seen in tokyo vienna stockholm <unk> toronto and <unk> with productions that have revolutionized the standard of touring companies .
I want everyone in whichever city that this production appears to see the same show as you can see on broadway or in london .
Phantom of the opera continues to be a hot ticket with a current advance ticket sale on broadway of about seventeen million dollars .
During the past five years phantom has grossed more than one hundred fifty five million dollars on broadway and one billion dollars worldwide .
After five years you would think every performance would be the same .
Not true .
There was one time when i did totally blank out and i just stood there and <unk> into space and <unk> on for a while .
Everybody loves that .
The legend .
Of course being ultimate professionals we just looked upstage and went go ahead save yourself .
