We go now to some pictures of chief daryl gates .
These are live .
Come in and assist us here .
Chief what about the national guard .
The national guard will be in their armories at the ready .
We've ordered up about two thousand of them and if we need them .
Will they just do regular law enforcement or just patrol or what .
Well so far we think we can handle it with just regular law enforcement that's what we're going to attempt to do .
If we find that we can't do it then we'll of course bring in the national guard .
How will you assess how the situation is being controlled right now .
The officers seem to be coming in and out efficiently .
How would you assess their effectiveness now in controlling the situation .
Well i think when we get 'em on the street any particular sector they do very well but the problem is we do not have enough out there .
If you've been out as i have you find many locations where there are no officers and that needs to be corrected and we're trying to do that as quickly as we can .
We've just brought in two hundred fifty highway <unk> which will assist us in sealing off the area .
As you know we'll have a curfew in place very shortly and a ban on gun sales a ban on selling of gasoline except into an automobile tank and as we move forward i think we'll be able to get this thing under control but it's going to take some time .
Chief for the people of los angeles who were watching this morning what is your message to them what should the people of the city do .
Well i hope the people who are not in this area stay out of this area and as a matter of fact they're going to be kept out of this area .
The people within this area and i think most of them are staying within their homes and i think they should stay there and allow us to go out and take care of the hoodlums that are on the street that are looting and burning and we'll do that as quickly as we possibly can .
Chief are you surprised at the restraint that's being shown .
Apparently i've heard very little calls of officers using their weapons at all .
I'm not surprised .
Our officers are far more disciplined than a lot of people give us credit for but there has been as you know some shooting this evening already .
We have a fireman that was seriously injured and at any rate we're moving as quickly as we can .
We are totally mobilized in the department .
That means we are on twelve hour watches a and b. watches and slowly but surly we will bring this under control .
Are you targeting specific areas chief at this point to be secured first .
Oh yes we have a whole plot plan of the entire south central los angeles area that is marked for coverage .
Do you have a time table of how long this could take .
Well my hope is that within the next several hours we will have enough people out there to slowly bring this under control .
How are your officers handling this situation with sort of an onslaught after the rodney king verdict .
How are they personally dealing with all of this .
Well i don't think any of them are thinking about the rodney king trial they're thinking about what's happening on the street right now and how they individually and as a group can deal with that problem on the street .
Chief are you concerned with the way the violence has spread not just from south central los angeles we've had reports as far as venice some up in downtown los angeles and as far down as long beach .
The downtown area came about because we moved them out of parker center and then they moved into the downtown area and up into the civic center area .
We think that's pretty much under control now .
Most of it's in the south <unk> portion of los angeles and that's pretty wide spread .
If you look at the fires and the looting it's pretty wide spread .
The mobility though you're talking about people in the westwood area you're talking about various areas around and outside of south central .
Are the freeways literally helping to spread the violence unfortunately .
Well they always do .
There is great mobility in this city but once again i think most of it's concentrated south central los angeles area .
I've talked to the sheriff he believes he has his under control very very well at least about an hour ago .
Are they going to break any of their people loose once they have the thing up at <unk> honor ranch shut down .
If we need the sheriff he will be very happy to but right now he's concentrating and taking care of his situation .
If he has his under control he'll loan us anything he has .
If and when the national guard comes in how will this be coordinated .
Will the l. a. p. d. basically be <unk> coordinating this .
Who's in charge once the national guard does come in .
The national guard is given missions .
We indicate to the national guard what we want them to do we simply turn them loose and say just go do that .
They are skilled at guarding an area and that will be the missions that we will provide them .
Chief we <unk> through several areas and noticed that it took a while for police response to go into certain areas .
We saw looting we saw people being attacked on the streets some residents were complaining that the police if this were beverly hills that they would have responded much sooner .
If it were beverly hills they have more police officers than we do by far per square inch but we have responded as quickly as we possibly can .
It makes no sense to respond with just two police officers in a car that does not work .
So we had to for up in squads we've done that as quickly as we possibly could and then sent those squads out .
As we send those squads out then we are reacting to the situation but i will agree that it is much too slow it's <unk> slow for me .
I've been on my people all night and directing them to put more and more people out there .
It's one of those things that just takes awhile to get organized it's a different organization than we ordinarily have but we are moving as quickly as we can to do that .
What about your million dollar plan did that come too late .
I'm sorry .
The million dollars that you anticipated in overtime .
No that was a well thought out plan that we will be able to take care of most of the overtime if we bring this under control we'll be able to pay for most of that overtime and that means that the rest of the city won't go lacking in police service in the future .
How long do you think a curfew will be necessary chief .
I don't have any idea .
I think that's dependent upon the people of this community .
Hopefully they will go home tonight get a good nights rest and decide that this is nonsense and they ought to stop it .
That was l. a. police chief daryl gates speaking live from the streets of los angeles on the mounting crisis there .
He was offering his comments on the response of the police officers there .
He said that once the police officers have been able to get into areas they have been very effective .
He urged residents to stay calm and to stay away and stay in their homes .
He also said the curfew that was rumored before will be in effect thursday and there have been bans announced on the sales of guns and on the sale of gasoline into any other containers other than a car .
