Jazz and rap are two distinctive musical styles being fused together to form an altogether new sound .
One band exploring this new musical territory is u. s. three .
Its brand of jazz rap fusion has been climbing the charts around the world .
Mark scheerer has more .
It's part rap .
It's part jazz .
It's <unk> meets hip hop .
It's <unk> first cut from hand on the torch the hit album from the group called u. s. three that fuses rap and jazz .
The project was the <unk> of producers mel simpson and geoff wilkinson .
What we were attempting to do was fuse jazz and hip hop together in a way that didn't rely too heavily on either one or either side .
We were trying to do something that was fifty percent jazz and fifty percent hip hop .
While jazz samples of artists like art blakey and <unk> monk are used on the album the jazz is performed live in concert by the members of u. s. three who say the two forms of music have a lot in common .
Both like developed from street music you know from the underground .
And as you say they both have that raw element in them of personal expression .
It all began with a jazz rap demo done by simpson and wilkinson that made its way into the clubs of london onto the radio and up the charts .
The producers thought their good luck had run out when they were summoned to the offices of the record company that held the rights to the song they sampled .
By the time we went in to see the guy a week later we'd convinced ourselves that they were just going to sue us for the use of the sample .
But when we got there he actually liked really liked it .
Not only did they like it but the label offered the producers the rights to blue <unk> entire fifty year catalogue of jazz classics and hand on the torch was born .
The aim was to like convert people the younger generation who never heard jazz music getting them into liking jazz music and the jazz purists getting them to like listening to hip hop and all that .
The albums apparently hit the mark topping the charts around the world and becoming blue <unk> best selling album to date .
