For the tenth year the president is attending an annual retreat called the renaissance weekend .
He managed to play a little golf on the island resort off south carolina .
Mr. clinton was also spotted on the beach not <unk> but jogging .
But his main mission on this holiday vacation is to talk and to listen .
Here's c. n. n.'s jill dougherty .
Sunrise on hilton head island like birds migrating to warmer <unk> hundreds of the country's movers and shakers and their families head here each new year's weekend to talk and talk and talk some more .
It's tailor made for the nation's first talker a policy wonk who after ten years is making his first appearance as president .
After a morning jog mr. clinton headed for a seminar entitled risking peace bosnia the middle east and what remains of the new world order .
He's a very relaxed person and i remember most years him sitting on the floor usually in his blue jeans and a work shirt and coming and going and listening to people who are often younger than himself or from another perspective than his own .
Linda <unk> and her husband phil the president's new deputy chief of staff founded this so called renaissance weekends .
Between walks on the beach participants can attend seminars ranging from what i've learned about love to leave it to <unk> and butthead contemporary values and the media .
It's a huge bull session is what it is .
It's a huge chance to do some of the things you used to do in college .
The president decided to play golf instead of attend a seminar entitled a clinical view of the clinton <unk> but he did hear thirty people speak at a session called oh by the way mr. president may i suggest .
Bill hillary and chelsea clinton have been renaissance regulars for ten years .
Others include supreme court justices c. e. o.s members of congress reporters and scientists .
The event is by invitation only .
Everyone wears an oversized name tag with their first name in large type .
Everyone that is except for the president .
The organizers say they hope people as a sign of respect will call him mr. president .
But with a name tag they say it would be <unk> to call him just bill .
I think there's a wonderful sense of balance and <unk> and both a respect not only for the presidency but perhaps even more importantly respect for the need for this family to have some private time amongst themselves .
But participants deny that it's a <unk> for the elite .
I look at it as an opportunity for me to just expand my horizons .
I don't see that as being a touchy new age indulgent thing in any sort of way .
Perhaps one of the best attended seminars will be one new year's night at which the president himself is speaking .
The subject what i've learned .
