You know being in the middle of nowhere doesn't necessarily mean being without electricity .
In tonight's science report c. n. n.'s miles o'brien sheds new light on solar power .
For most of us it is second nature .
Walk into a darkened room and flip on the light switch .
In november this remote research outpost in the middle of california's <unk> desert was the first to receive solar power in a box two large shipping boxes to be exact .
The portable solar power station inside was installed in only two days .
What a difference two days can make .
It's been like a change from night to day .
I mean it gives us one heck of a lot of flexibility which we did not have before .
Now researchers at the california state university facility have more than enough power .
They can work cook and read whenever they like .
And a noisy polluting diesel generator no longer runs <unk> .
A lot of people are disturbed when they have to come here and listen to you know diesel generators running all the time .
The nearest electrical lines from here are five and a half miles away .
According to a southern california edison estimate it would cost about seven hundred fifty thousand dollars just to bring power in here much more than cal state would like to spend .
And not to mention the potential environmental damage caused by digging trenches in this environmentally sensitive area .
On a great day like today it'd probably produce about ten thousand watts .
Edison researcher nick <unk> engineered this solar solution .
The <unk> panels fit in one shipping container .
Batteries which store a five day reservoir of power and a backup propane generator fit in the other .
We opened up the doors pulled everything out and much like an <unk> set just hung everything on the container .
This portability greatly reduces the cost of solar power .
Right now edison is trying to prove it's a reliable viable system for anyone who isn't plugged into the power grid .
And so the whole package ends up costing relatively more than what you would pay for if you were in the los angeles basin .
But then again it's a lot cheaper than having to generate it yourself or to be without energy entirely .
They won't have to convince cal state desert researchers .
Simple pleasures are not taken for granted here .
