Donald riegle the senior democrat chairman of the senate banking committee <unk> the committee to a close at two oh five early wednesday morning eastern daylight time .
He completed ten hours of testimony he roger altman the deputy treasury secretary .
Bob franken at this early hour wednesday morning with both the senate committee and later this week the house committee on banking to continue the whitewater hearings what are the summary themes that we can report based on ten hours of testifying .
Well first of all senator <unk> called this a good full day .
I think you'd get some argument over the word good but it was certainly a fully day and we would certainly not have roger altman happy with the way this day had gone .
He was shredded today .
You noticed at the end that he was leaning against the microphone .
It looked like he was going to take a nap after a while .
The conclusion is is that roger altman who had sort of become the center of all this looks like he is losing his battle .
It's going to be interesting to see if he's able to survive this now how long it might be that he stays in office .
He had indicated that he wanted to put up a fight but he put up an awful fight tonight and he was battered .
Bob can you take that ringing telephone off the hook .
I tried .
While i ask you the next question .
Curiously enough it's strange what comes over these senators at early hours of the morning when they're exhausted .
There were outbreaks of candor and insight that fascinated me the last one coming from democrat john kerry of massachusetts who sought to come to the defense of roger altman after that strong critical blast from texas republican phil gramm .
He actually talked about paranoia in the white house about what the resolution trust corporation might be doing .
He walked us to a very through a very credible political scenario as to why bill and hillary clinton the president of the united states and the first lady were indeed concerned about whitewater and the criminal referrals one of which mentioned that the clintons might be possible witnesses .
Well it's hard to deny that the president and mrs. clinton are concerned about the entire whitewater investigation .
Without getting to the merits of their claim that they did nothing wrong they are nevertheless the subject of an investigation by an independent counsel who is spending an awful lot of time in little rock right now and they have become this whitewater matter has become quite the center of i don't like to use the word scandal but it's become quite a bit of controversy in washington the whitewater matter has .
Of course they're concerned about it but of course he's president of the united states she is first lady and they can't look concerned about it .
And therein lies their problem .
Indeed .
Well it's been a long afternoon an early morning .
I thank you and i thank our colleague bill schneider all our c. n. n. crews on the hill in washington and atlanta .
This concludes our live coverage of the appearance before the senate banking committee by deputy treasury secretary roger altman and i assume that treasury secretary lloyd bentsen is in bed because in seven and one half hours he's supposed to the lead off witness before this very senate banking committee .
People are scrambling off the hill now to go home .
I'm bernard shaw and that concludes our live coverage and we'll continue our live coverage from the senate banking committee with judy woodruff here in the anchor chair at nine thirty wednesday morning .
And please don't forget c. n. n. will carry live president clinton's news conference from the east room of the white house wednesday evening at eastern time eight o'clock p. m. eastern time .
