Hershey pennsylvania is an industrial town that has prospered since the turn of the century living off our national addiction to chocolate .
More sustaining than meat was milton <unk> claim for an early chocolate bar .
But in nineteen oh seven hershey invented the kiss and it is still the company's biggest selling candy .
The <unk> kiss is one of the top five candy products in the country accounting for more than half a billion dollars worth of business every year .
We went to hershey pennsylvania to see how it's done .
The kiss is simple to produce just a <unk> of melted milk chocolate <unk> onto a moving belt .
Nothing that <unk> has done since as it creates new products fighting to stay at the top of a competitive field nothing has been as easy or as elegant as that little chocolate drop .
<unk> kisses tumble out of a cooler that has <unk> them up and jim santana watches for kisses gone wrong .
I'm inspecting for the bad kisses .
Every hour i come back and i weigh them to see that they're the right weight and then see that they're the right size .
If that goes on the <unk> that would not wrap but what that would do that'll make the <unk> jam up out there and the women out there will really get hot then .
From there to the wrapping machines and the women who make the final check for nude kisses we're told not properly wrapped and onto to stores .
The great success of kisses has had <unk> speculating for about twenty years on how to do what must come naturally from kisses hugs .
I guess it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out after selling kisses for a quarter century or so that it would be a good idea to trademark that name and at some time we'd find a use for it .
Dennis <unk> is director of marketing .
But while the name was obvious the execution wasn't .
For years <unk> dreamers explored possibilities something that could be linked to kisses .
Product developer jim <unk> spent time on it off an on for thirteen years .
One of the initial ones was the donut okay that we thought we could you know package with kisses you know and they would kind of like go together .
You know donuts on top of this kiss .
That was one that didn't get very far .
Hugs and kisses and chocolate are sexy stuff but that one was over the line also hard to wrap .
More thinking .
What if the kiss did the hugging had something inside an almond .
Quickly we realized there was a difficulty in getting an almond inside a kiss and our engineering group worked quite a long time on <unk> that .
We eventually did .
<unk> engineers managed to add <unk> to kisses and the company had its hug .
But a <unk> employee name laurie <unk> told her boss dennis <unk> that for her it didn't work .
He recalls that she said .
This doesn't feel right .
This doesn't feel like hugs this product .
It feels like it should be kisses with <unk> .
But you felt that she really i mean when she said that you felt she might be right .
Well she took awhile to convince me but she was very persuasive and one of the things that really i think convinced me was her point that hugs could be a whole <unk> business .
It could have its own with <unk> and really it was that comment that kind of the light bulb went off in my head she's right .
Kisses with <unk> was an instant success but that left product developers still in search of hugs something small easy to wrap that went with kisses and conveyed hugs .
Jim <unk> and his colleagues tried teddy bears chocolate barrels and a kiss shape with little hands <unk> on its surface .
You know the kisses were hugging itself .
There were actually hands on the surface like this you know embracing the kiss itself .
I mean that's where we were stretching this .
We had hugs we figure we'll put hugs on those kisses hugging itself and that would have been a manufacturing nightmare .
We finally came to the realization that the thing that makes the kiss shape so special isn't really the shape it's all the emotion that goes into eating a kiss the foil wrap the flag the way you <unk> it and the shape itself is a symbol for a lot of positive emotions people have for <unk> and <unk> and holidays throughout the years when they've enjoyed kisses .
So after a lot of banging our heads against the wall we came to the realization that a hug in fact had to be shaped like a kiss .
And now the question is what product it should be what should its ingredients be .
And then .
A breakthrough idea .
White chocolate .
A kiss that isn't a kiss might be a hug a kiss covered hugged with something else .
They made some kisses covered with white chocolate and handed them around the company .
It was felt that the white solid white pieces looked a little too much like hotel soap .
The answer was stripes milk chocolate <unk> the white chocolate coating of a miniature kiss .
It was a clever concept easy to make by hand but tough to manufacture in the millions .
If the stripes get too wide you get too much milk chocolate paste which <unk> the taste of the white chocolate .
So <unk> thought they had a hug but a hug is not a hug unless embraced by consumers .
If they don't like it we don't make it .
Hugs were a hit in test markets .
Hershey rushed into production with a new plant and specially designed equipment .
In august they introduced hugs an elegant chocolate kiss shaped candy but white with milk chocolate stripes .
Bite into it and it has a thick white chocolate shell around a milk chocolate center .
It's <unk> and wrapped like <unk> kisses but the foil is also striped .
Candy analyst david <unk> of kidder peabody says it seems to be working .
Early indications from some data that i've seen and some folks that i've spoken to consumer trial is running very very strong .
The real question and sort of the next wave after people have tried it once or twice in the flurry of promotional activity that accompanies a new product whether there will be subsequent purchase .
The new hugs plant is state of the art candy making we're told .
Apart from the wrapping and packing we didn't see much .
We certainly weren't allowed to see the birth of a hug how they slip that kiss inside the striped white chocolate is something hershey keeps secret .
We asked rod lot about it .
He was engineering project manager for hugs .
The biggest problem we had to deal with is just the handling characteristics of the milk chocolate and the technique that we used to make the stripes .
So that was the part of it that was hard to come by .
I think the thing that <unk> everybody who bites into one is how do you get something that is made out of melted chocolate into something else that is also made out of melted chocolate without melting the whole thing .
I don't think i can answer that .
We did get a hint .
The new technology is based on existing technology .
We asked the publisher of <unk> magazine to take an educated guess .
Elizabeth <unk> thought the trick would be the temperature .
Once they put the little hershey kisses basically the embryos of hugs on the belt my belief is that they then put it through another what they call an <unk> which is a piece of equipment which has like a curtain of chocolate which then basically goes all over the top of the hug and the difficulty is to keep it sticking to them .
You mean so that you don't melt the little kiss part .
You don't melt the little kiss and also so that it really covers it evenly .
I see .
So it is a temperature question .
My belief is that it is a temperature question because you have to have them working together and that can be very tough .
The other thing of course about hugs is the stripes .
Yes and that again is a third process where they have and i can't remember what they call it but it's again like you would decorate a cake you know with <unk> but very very fine .
I think they call it a stringer and it's basically very little thin strings of chocolate that it passes on a belt underneath this and that basically goes backwards and forwards across the belt and puts that pattern on it .
<unk> also thinks hugs will be successful she likes its elegance .
Hershey hopes the combination of chocolates will be like milk and cookies or coffee and cream to consumers .
There is of course an obvious question .
First kisses then hugs then what .
The official word from hershey is .
