Continuing now our expanded coverage of what some people call lawyer bashing .
We're joined by two attorneys with very different perspectives .
In san francisco harvey <unk> president of the california state bar .
You heard him just a few moments ago .
And in chicago joseph morris president of the lincoln legal foundation a free market oriented public interest law center .
Gentlemen welcome to you both .
Mr. <unk> to you first what would making lawyer bashing a hate crime accomplish .
Well the first thing we have to do is we have to stop the lawyer bashing .
That's the first thing .
We have to make sure that the public understands that lawyer bashing has gone too far is going too far .
Making it a crime is only one part of it .
Okay let me jump in now .
That may be not be the solution .
What is lawyer bashing .
I don't understand .
Is it a joke on the jay leno show .
Is it a speech by president bush at the convention .
Just exactly what are you talking about .
Lawyer bashing in my opinion is not simply jokes not simply the jay leno show or mark twain or good thoughtful political humor .
It is taking an entire group and painting them with one broad brush .
I took talk shows today where people said that all lawyers are <unk> and <unk> .
Well they can't all be that way and that's what hate crimes and hate speech is like .
It's painting all people with one brush even though there's variations all across the board and there's good lawyers there's bad lawyers there's lawyers of all colors and all <unk> .
And yet somebody takes it and goes bang .
They're all the same .
They're all the same .
They're all terrible .
That's hate crime .
Joseph morris what's your take on this .
Well i wish it were the case that lawyers were universally respected .
In a way there was a time when we were .
But the problem is we've got to earn that respect .
And unfortunately in recent years if truth be told this has become an excessively <unk> society in part because lawyers have not really had a sense of the boundaries of what the law can accomplish .
We have intruded law into areas where law simply can't solve problems .
Law cannot be called on to solve every problem and it's not surprising therefore that in the heat of emotion in the heat of anger people will see lawyers who sometimes seem to be holding themselves out as the priests the high priesthood of some kind of system purports to solve every problem and relieve everybody of every kind of fear or responsibility as somehow falling down on the job .
If lawyers have a sense proportion i think we can weather this .
Joe isn't that .
To build a legal system that commands respect .
Go ahead mr. <unk> .
If the legal system commands respect .
Let's get mr. <unk> in here .
Lawyers will command respect .
Joe that's exactly the problem which is how are you going to make sure that lawyers are encouraged to take that extra step that they don't operate in fear that something might happen to them if they take risks .
And that's exactly what i'm worried about is that lawyers will be discouraged lawyers who take the unpopular causes the lawyers that take the free cases and those are the lawyers that are most effected by this slap dash bigotry against all lawyers as being something wrong with them they're all jaded for money they're all fat tax lawyers they're all rich .
Mr. <unk> we above all have to be careful with our words .
We run a risk here of <unk> <unk> law of hate crimes .
This isn't hate against lawyers .
This isn't the kind of hate that exists when we're talking of bigotry in terms of race or religion or national origin .
We should be getting a message here .
The message here is that the american people think that something is wrong with the way we do business and we need to listen carefully to that .
Let me jump in here gentlemen .
I want to ask you this question and mr. <unk> i direct it to you first .
Do you really believe that there is an increase in violence targeted against lawyers and that there is truly direct consequence or it is a direct consequence of what you call lawyer bashing .
I believe there's an increase in lawyer bashing .
I can't say there's an increase in violence although we've seen it and it's only anecdotal at this point but there's clearly an increase in aggression .
And the problem is that in the nineties with the recession going on with people looking for someone to blame for their problems they're going to turn to the most visible target that's around right now and that's lawyers .
And the more we allow it to become lawyers the more dangerous it becomes .
Mr. morris why not do something about it then .
Well lawyers above all people should not overreact to a situation like this and we should certainly not be seen to be engaging in special pleading .
If there is violence against lawyers or anyone else violence should be met and be met hard .
But the lord knows we should not be carving out laws specially protecting lawyers as against anyone else .
This is terrible overreaction and i would hate to see lawyers calling on restrictions on the first amendment or things that people might be saying about lawyers in an effort to protect ourselves professionally .
Mr. <unk> whatever happened to the first amendment then .
I'm not going to do a thing about the first amendment .
I hope that jay leno continues with his jokes .
I hope that everyone continues with their free speech but there's a point at which it crosses the boundaries and <unk> aggression on people .
They are on the margin .
You've got to remember that we're talking about people who are on the margins who might commit crimes against attorneys as a way of <unk> what they think is their problem with life or their problem with society .
That's the danger .
And i think for so long we have tried to polish the image of lawyers we've talked about improving the legal system we've talked about how we can help ourselves and we've never done a thing to say stop it .
Will you stop the lawyer bashing .
It's true we've got some bad apples but we're doing something about it .
We're trying to stop the people who accuse an entire profession of being some of the <unk> things .
I've gotten calls today that i can't even repeat they're so horrible .
Threatening calls .
So i just don't understand that kind of anger .
Yes threatening calls .
Actual threats .
Well there's no excuse .
There is no excuse for violence and the threat of violence .
That should never be justified .
But i don't think we do ourselves let alone our country a favor when we say that the problem here is other people's speech .
We should be looking to ourselves .
We should be looking to the legal system and the way we conduct our profession .
If the legal profession met people's needs if our legal system was clearly perceived by our fellow citizens to advance the rule of law we would not have this problem .
Let's look to the causes not to the symptom .
Mr. <unk> what triggered in your mind the response that you made today the suggestion that you made today .
Was it in fact this attack in san francisco .
It was two things .
One for an entire year as president of the state bar i've been trying to improve the lawyers' image in california and across the country .
It's tough .
There's lots of people that just don't like lawyers .
Secondly we had the incident in san francisco a horrible incident and i don't want to downgrade that .
It's just horrible what happened there .
And third is that the weekend i was thinking about what we at the state bar could do about this and lawyers could do somebody called me with of all things a lawyer about a joke about the killing of the lawyers .
And i just said enough is enough .
We can't take it anymore .
We've got to fight back .
And it's true i don't want to restrict people's first speech .
I want to raise the public debate on this and get people off the point where they stop painting all lawyers with one broad brush and stop being so cynical about our legal system .
There's so much that we can do that is good and we just have to start the debate at a different level and stop this sniping that's going on .
Mr. morris last word to you in about the thirty seconds remaining .
Do you feel that because of the position that lawyers put themselves in in between disputes in the middle that they are that you are more a target somehow and that some special steps need to be taken .
Well in a way that's true .
That's the glory of our system .
We are a system of laws .
Our goal is to create a civil and pacific way of resolving disputes and it is the job of lawyers to step in the middle of it but lawyers must not <unk> .
Lawyers must not specially plead .
Our job as what we'd like to think of as a learned profession is to protect our constitutional order and make sure that the legal system limits itself to those problems it can really tackle .
Frank i .
It's when we overstep those bounds that we get ourselves .
Frank i just want to say .
Into trouble .
And calling on other people to curtail their speech doesn't solve that problem .
Frank this is no special plea .
We've go all kinds of laws that prohibit that prohibit violence and violent acts and threats of violence against various groups and professions .
This is nothing more than putting us at equal .
Okay gentlemen .
With any other profession .
Harvey <unk> thank you very much .
We appreciate your views .
Thank you .
And joseph morris we appreciate yours as well .
