President clinton asking federal employees for economic sacrifice .
This story on all things considered .
Mr. clinton talks to employees at the office of management and budget warning that every agency will have to cut back and that includes the white house staff .
<unk> wants its former dictator returned to face charges of human rights abuses .
Also wartime conditions in a first grade classroom in sarajevo .
It is cold it could be dangerous but it is still school .
It is neither more calm than better conditions we have but what made us organize this school now is that it was high time to collect the children to do something useful to make them forget the war forget the shooting all the time to do something useful with them .
First this news .
It's all things considered .
I'm linda wertheimer .
And i'm noah adams .
President clinton met today with employees of the office of management and budget .
This group has the responsibility of helping the president prepare an economic plan that increases investment and cuts the deficit at the same time .
Mr. clinton told them he plans to reduce white house spending a gesture he hopes will be followed by the rest of the executive branch and the congress .
Npr's elizabeth arnold reports .
President clinton walked across the street today and made a surprise appearance at a staff meeting of employees at the budget office .
Tomorrow is the agency's deadline for <unk> all other federal agencies of the level of reductions they'll face in mr. clinton's first budget .
Setting the tone of shared sacrifice the president said he too would do his part .
In the next several days i will be finalizing and announcing plans which will demonstrate a substantial reduction in spending at the white house reversing many years of growth in services and personnel provided to the president .
There are numerous ways to juggle the numbers to give the appearance of spending reductions .
Depending on how it's calculated it can be shown that the bush white house both grew and shrank .
Today the president talked about making structural changes to save money .
He complained about the antiquated communications systems he inherited and intends to update .
I could not have a conference call in my office on my telephone except an unwanted one .
Anybody in the central office could punch a lighted button and listen to what i had to say .
The american people i think would be pretty surprised and disappointed that after a dozen years of people who promised to run the government like a business they meant a business in the nineteen fifties not for the twenty first century .
Like business mr. clinton said government must also gradually downsize .
The administration has not officially released any of the specifics of the president's economic plan although numerous trial balloons have been floated and broad hints have been dropped .
Administration sources confirmed today that the president is considering cutting eight point five billion dollars from the military budget he inherited for the next fiscal year .
On the revenue side twice in his speech today mr. clinton suggested he would not ask anyone in the working middle class to pay more in taxes until he has asked wealthier americans to pay their fair share .
While increased taxes on the wealthy is not a new idea there is a new emphasis on how the middle class will also be expected to pitch in .
Since the election mr. clinton said today we've learned more about the difficulty of budgets and putting together a program that puts people to work and deals with the long term deficit problem .
Since no one has ever tried to do both these things at once to get the job base going which we want to do with a modest stimulus program in the beginning increase permanently investment in people and jobs and growth and reduce the deficit it is not always clear exactly what specific decisions we must make .
But the general path we have to follow is clear .
The general path is not as smooth as the one mr. clinton promised during the campaign and he must convince americans that it's still worth taking .
Next week leading up to his economic address he goes out on the road to make his case directly to the people beginning his public relations campaign with a live interactive television broadcast from detroit .
