President clinton simultaneously promises a build up in and a pull out from somalia .
This is c. n. n. and company with mary tillotson .
Thanks for being with us .
President clinton went on television yesterday trying to quiet voices calling for an immediate u. s. withdrawal from somalia .
Mr. clinton promised almost all u. s. g. i.s will leave somalia within six months .
But in the meantime he said he's sending another five thousand three hundred troops to africa doubling the u. s. force already there .
Here to talk about somalia and other news of the week are republican commentator maureen reagan democratic consultant ann lewis and julia malone who covers the white house for cox newspapers .
Glad all of you could be with us this friday .
We want to let the people listening out there know that attorney general janet reno is expected within a few minutes to talk about the report on her and the f. b. i.'s performance during the waco stand off against the branch davidian compound back in april .
When the attorney general begins to speak we will stop and take a listen .
But first we're going to talk about somalia and mr. clinton's speech yesterday afternoon .
To ann did the president define a vital strategic u. s. interest that calls for doubling the u. s. force in somalia .
I think he did .
I think the president said very clearly one what have we been doing there .
This has been a humanitarian mission that had to be delivered with security .
You know when president bush with bipartisan support sent twenty eight thousand american troops into somalia it was a life saving mission .
But we didn't just drop soup kitchens .
We needed to stabilize the situation so food could be delivered .
That was the mission then .
That has been the mission now .
And it's important to note that in the last eight months under president clinton the number of american troops have gone down to under five thousand .
Now what is the vital u. s. interest .
I would suggest it is three fold as the president said .
First in this post cold war world what side are we on .
It's important to send the signal we are on the side of human aspirations on the side of saving lives of working with people .
So second it is in our vital national interest to have a world create a world in which life saving and peace keeping capacity forces can do their work .
That's very important and that's what we're trying to encourage .
And third and this is recent in the last month but there is now a new interest .
It is equally important to send the message loud and clear that you cannot reverse united states policy overnight by targeting or killing one soldier .
Because if we ever did that we would be putting a big target sign on u. s. forces around the world .
I think we have to make clear we knew what we were doing there we are in there for a finite period as the president said but we will turn and run overnight change everything overnight because of one hostile action .
But to maureen does not stabilizing the situation in mogadishu mean the u. s. is assuming a political and military role there .
Well i think so .
And though i agree with ann hi ann on all of what she said i think that there is a certain punitive end of this too and that is to make sure that the world understands that you cannot attack the united states .
And this was not an attack against the u. n. it was an attack against the united states and there's no doubt about that .
It seems to me that we can take a punitive action and spend our six months very well if we will once again return to doing what the united states does best and that is being able to move tremendous amounts of men and material and to make something out of nothing .
Mogadishu has become sort of the center of this because there's a port and an airport such as they are .
But you look at that country it's all coastline .
Why don't we create a new entity some place else in the country where those solid forces who are trying to rebuild the country can then isolate aidid into his south mogadishu enclave and still be able to move things in and out of the country and create a whole new country .
And that's something that we could do in the next six months and it would give us a true purpose .
And at the end of it when we left and left it to others to fill in the gap behind us it would make a great deal more sense .
To julia and it's good to have you with us even if it's only at the end of the camera what assurance is there that the u. s. and slash or other u. n. forces in somalia are going to be able to accomplish in the next six months what they have failed to accomplish in the last ten months which is creating the sort of stability mr. clinton says he wants there .
Well of course what you're saying is exactly right and it points to the very problems with the whole clinton policy and before that the bush policy .
Unfortunately what the president said yesterday does not clarify what the united states mission really is there nor do i think it has convinced the american public that we have a national vital interest there .
And the question now is is what difference does it make sending doubling the troops which is basically what he's doing in that area .
And when they know the opponents mr. aidid and his <unk> know that come march thirty first we are out of there .
I think it's a big question .
I don't think that this mission was very carefully defined at the outset and no question there has been what i call mission creep along the way .
It has changed from simply feeding poor people that were starving to something called nation building .
And i don't think the president or the united nations has clearly defined exactly how this can be accomplished .
And i don't know how adding these many troops these are fighting men how this is going to make that much difference .
Go ahead ann .
Well just can i say for a moment that no in fact i never heard bill clinton .
He's not talking about nation building .
And i think sometimes as americans .
Well what does he mean by security though ann and why is he .
Security .
What does he mean by that if not leading to some sort of reconciliation among the somalis themselves .
I think again as we have learned in the past we can establish a secure enough system that two things happen people continue to be fed .
And let us not forget we can as americans take pride in the fact that hundreds of thousands of lives have been saved because this country was big enough strong enough and humane enough to reach out .
And we have established and must continue to establish in a period of transition the security that keeps that feeding possibility there .
But isn't aidid the <unk> in the security arrangement .
Isn't the security problem aidid .
And so how do you secure mogadishu without taking on aidid .
And if you take on aidid aren't you involving yourself in a .
I would say that's where the policy failure it seems to me the one thing that strikes me is that the united states and all the other intelligence agencies have been unable to find general aidid .
Well as i recall c. n. n. did .
Now the last time i looked the c. n. n. budget was considerably below that of several combined intelligence agencies .
I think perhaps at the end of this we might consider a swap and see what it would take if we could sort of reverse courses .
We've got a very small group of people here who have been causing a great deal of grief and pain .
And we ought to be able i would hope to be a little more surgical about solving that without rebuilding or thinking we have to rebuild the entire nation .
And i think this just .
But the thing is that everybody who has been there says that the rest of the country is the tribal elders are coming together and they are rebuilding the infrastructure of their country .
It is only in this enclave in south mogadishu where there is a problem .
Now if we use this six months to isolate aidid and to create the ability for the rest of this country to get its act together they will be able to take care of aidid in the long run .
And this gives us a true purpose from which we can then extricate ourselves .
I think that this points though to assuming this is successful or not successful it points to the whole problem that the president has in this post cold war time .
I don't think he's settled on a policy .
And what now he would like to do he has said is send in twenty five thousand troops to bosnia .
And i don't believe that that's going to happen soon because of the concern that has been raised after this issue .
And the american public are they going to accept the idea of having americans in another part of the world where there's even more armaments than the likes of aidid had .
Again i just want to be careful .
Ann i'm sorry to interrupt we've got to take a break but we've got lots to talk about .
