There's been a breakthrough in the development of fusion energy .
Fusion hold the promise of a never ending power supply and unlike other forms of energy there would be no pollution .
But as c. n. n.'s harley hotchkiss reports a change over to fusion energy won't be happening any time soon .
Scientists at princeton university were fired up thursday night .
They cheered the success of a four second fusion reaction that was the most powerful ever created by scientists .
I think this is a historic milestone in fusion energy development somewhat analogous to the wright brothers' first flight .
Why all the hoopla .
Because fusion is the holy grail of energy .
It promises a clean and nearly endless source of electricity .
Fusion fuels the sun with the non stop means of tremendous energy .
Scientists hope to mimic the sun here on earth in fusion reactors .
The fuel for fusion power plants would not come from coal gas or radioactive material but from water .
Hydrogen atoms from water can be forced together until they literally fuse .
This results in the release of energy .
Nuclear fusion reactors would not create the hazards or dangerous wastes that come from nuclear <unk> the atom splitting process that runs nuclear power plants and gives atomic weapons their destructive force .
While the record reaction offers encouraging news the huge princeton reactor actually consumed eight times more energy than it created .
That's because the reactor had to be heated to more than five hundred forty million degrees fahrenheit to trigger the release of energy .
The u. s. department of energy has paved the way for this billion dollar effort .
And secretary of energy hazel o'leary is glad to see some return on investment .
Part of what the american public has failed to understand is that often a large investment in science has a tremendously long period before we see payoff in benefit .
And this has certainly been the case with this project .
Oh fusion .
Oh we've been funding this forever .
So after the sigh of relief is like <unk> .
Despite the current success scientists say it'll take decades and billions of dollars before fusion reactors can be made to create electricity cheaply and efficiently .
