One place too many americans are not playing it safe is on the icy great lakes .
Ice related deaths are at an all time high and as mary <unk> reports a warming trend could leave some sports enthusiasts on very thin ice .
Stanley foster and his buddies aren't fishing today .
They know for a fact that they'd be treading on thin ice .
Guys he don't want to talk to you .
The michigan marine salvage they're out there right now pulling this guy's r. v. out .
He went through last night .
Others in the great lakes region missed or ignored warning signs giving coast guard crews constant work .
Last month in <unk> michigan two men drowned when their <unk> broke through ice and just two weeks ago in toledo ohio eleven fishermen found themselves stranded on an ice drift .
In total ten people have lost their lives in great lakes waters this winter .
Familiarity breeds contempt so these people have been out there all winter and they don't really stop and think about the weather that we've had .
It's rained it's been warm so there could be some rotten spots .
The ice is deteriorating .
The problem ice <unk> from both top and bottom break always can occur without warning .
If we get a strong wind from the west it'll break off right at these cracks right here and send whole sheets of ice out into the lake .
At nearly eight hundred dollars per hour these rescues are costing the coast guard plenty .
Heading from rescue to rescue is frustrating because while they can regulate safe boating during summer months there's no jurisdiction to keep people off the ice regardless of the danger .
There's really nothing you can do .
If they they want to take their lives into their own hands that's their decision .
The michigan department of natural resources which administers fishing licenses says fishermen are not to blame .
They're tackling another problem .
The majority of all the <unk> fatalities are alcohol related .
Not that it's a completely alcohol factor but it is a factor and we are doing more patrols targeting that type of an operation .
During training missions coast guard officials stress that no ice is safe ice .
If you head out anyway take along safety precautions .
If he's ready his chance of survival is probably one hundred percent better because if you're unprepared and you don't have the right equipment it's a matter of life and death .
With this winter's death toll at an all time high a number of great lakes agencies are working together to spread the safety message .
So far the warnings don't seem to be strong enough because even those with near misses still head back out .
Oh they like their <unk> .
I'd probably do the same thing .
Mary <unk> for c. n. n. mountain .
