Thirty thousand american veterans of the persian gulf war say they suffer from what is known as gulf war syndrome headaches body aches fatigue and rashes are among the symptoms of this mystery illness .
Now the chairman of the senate veterans affairs committee jay rockefeller says experimental drugs given to u. s. troops may be the cause of the condition .
The pentagon administered the vaccine to protect the american forces from possible chemical or biological weapons .
A staff report by <unk> committee says the drugs probably wouldn't have worked if iraq had used those types of weapons .
The pentagon did not get permission from many of those who took the drug because of a wartime waiver granted by the food and drug administration .
C. n. n. spoke on the phone with senator rockefeller about this matter earlier today .
The pentagon in my judgment has knowingly exposed military personnel to potentially dangerous substances and they've done it often in secret .
And in the persian gulf war they didn't tell our soldiers about it .
They didn't give them information .
We have tens of thousands of people now who fought for their country now have this persian gulf war syndrome which is a wretched thing to have and the pentagon claims no responsibility or no knowledge .
And it just it's wrong .
Joining us now with the pentagon's side to all this is doctor sue bailey .
She is a deputy assistant defense secretary and a psychiatrist .
Doctor bailey thank you for being with us .
You're welcome .
Did the pentagon knowingly expose military personnel to this potentially dangerous substance .
Number .
What we did was knowingly provide protection for the nerve gas that we felt they could have been exposed to so that they were protected from that .
One of the drugs that was given was a vaccine against <unk> that was in the experimental stage and had not been approved by the f. d. a. .
Why was that done .
Well the f. d. a. does <unk> approval for many of the vaccines and drugs that are necessary in wartime and it was under that particular approval .
But why did the pentagon feel it was safe to go and to have the troops take a drug that had not even been approved by the chief agency in the united states that is charged with approving these things these drugs .
Well again let's clarify that it was approved by the f. d. a. for the specific wartime use .
And we must also realize had they been exposed to <unk> as a chemical element of warfare that the risks would have been far greater than whatever side effects may have been encountered from the immunization .
How do you know that .
Senator rockefeller said today that it is his belief that even if chemical and biological warfare had been used that these drugs would not have protected the soldiers .
It depends on which drugs you're discussing .
<unk> for instance first of all had no alternative drug to be used to protect against nerve gas .
So as there was no alternative and as it was approved as safe and effective all of our scientific knowledge tells us that it can provide that kind of protection for our troops in the event of biochemical warfare .
That was the way in which it was decided that it would be used .
I understand what you're saying that the is your ear piece working .
Doctor bailey can you hear me .
Yes i can .
Can you repeat that .
Yes .
I was just starting to ask a question .
If the f. d. a. had to grant a waiver for these drugs to be administered to the troops that meant that they had not been approved for wider use .
So in other words there were special circumstances here .
Did not that give you pause at the pentagon .
Well again realize that our concern was that iraq would have used biochemical warfare .
They had done so in the past .
So the concern was above all to protect the health and welfare of the troops .
<unk> was known to be effective in that protective mode .
The waiver that was granted was granted by the f. d. a. so that in that military combat situation that those troops could be given those seven hundred thousand troops who could have been exposed to the nerve gas could be given the protection against it .
Were the troops notified that these drugs were experimental they might be dangerous .
Well in fact i have with us a staying healthy in southwest asia booklet that all of the troops take with them now on deployment .
Clearly it is something that we are trying to do to provide for the troops information about the drugs and vaccines that they receive about any side effects .
But i'm asking were they notified before that they were given the drug .
Yes .
They were notified in briefings and in booklets prior to their deployment .
Well how do you explain senator rockefeller and others saying that the pentagon has shown a reckless disregard for the health of the soldiers exposed to dangerous substances without their knowledge or consent .
Well i think the concern here is that those are unfair accusations on the part of senator rockefeller to call it reckless disregard .
In fact we have the highest regard for the safety and welfare of our troops .
And again it would be my concern that if we did not provide the kind of antidote or preventative therapy that we can that we would then be disregarding their health and welfare as we send them into an area where intelligence tells us there could be nerve gas .
Was this information that you're telling me provided to the research that went into the senate committee report .
Clearly we've tried to provide all the information available about the scientific information that tells us about the safety and efficacy of not only this drug but all the immunizations and vaccines and drugs that are used to protect our troops in the event of warfare .
But the committee clearly has gone the other way in this report and indicting what the pentagon did .
Well you would have to discuss with the committee what their conclusions were .
It is my understanding that we have provided them with all the information that i'm telling you here today and i would hope that again we would be able to have the kind of discourse with the congress that would let them understand our main concern which is again that we provide the most protection we possibly can in the event of <unk> warfare .
Whether or not the troops were notified whether or not these drugs were safe is it your belief now that these drugs may have been the cause of this gulf war syndrome that so many veterans of the gulf war are now experiencing .
Well i should say first of all that ninety eight percent of seven hundred thousand troops that were deployed came back not reporting any symptoms .
Of those that have we are continuing research and treatment for those .
I should also let you know that the majority of those people appear to have <unk> <unk> illnesses .
For the smaller number that remain unexplained it is undetermined at this point what the <unk> factor might be .
Is it conceivable that it could have been these drugs .
I suppose it's conceivable but we have other theories and investigations on going which are probably more accurate or are hypothetically more probable .
All right .
Well doctor sue bailey deputy assistant defense secretary we appreciate your being with us .
