White house counsel lloyd cutler going back before the house banking committee which is holding its first round of whitewater hearings .
This potential target meets with mr. clinton as well as with his good friend from arkansas and his chief of staff mack mclarty and webster hubble .
And of course this is a very significant meeting if it relate back to your desire to keep the president pristine and out of trouble by giving him the so called heads up .
My first question is did the president speak to jim guy tucker about the matters that we now know as whitewater .
Let me follow up with that and ask you a second question if i might given our time constraints did you ask the president whether he had such a conversation with jim guy tucker .
I am informed that the president and jim guy tucker did not discuss any whitewater matters or anything related to mr. hale or these other cases during their meeting .
I would like to correct some other things in the account that you just gave me .
Before you do that if you'll just indulge for one moment would you explain to me how you are how you were informed of that .
I was informed of that by mr. bruce lindsey who was told that by the president .
So just to clarify that point you never asked the president directly whether he had any conversations regarding whitewater with the potential target jim guy tucker .
That is correct .
It is also correct that when mr. lindsey gave the president the information that these criminal referrals had been made he did not know that jim guy tucker was involved in them .
He did not learn that according to mr. lindsey and he will be here before you until i believe the seventh the day after the meeting .
And all of this was simply from press stories .
By that time as i understand it the press had already reported that jim guy tucker might be a possible target and i just want to clarify this again that lindsey did get a briefing based on summaries and not based on press stories with respect to the referral .
He got a briefing on the fourth which he does not recall mentioning jim guy tucker .
He learned from press reports on the seventh after this meeting about jim guy tucker and he did not tell the president about any reference to jim guy tucker .
My time is already up .
Doesn't this <unk> the whole rationale for giving this so called heads up which we used to call a tip off when i was a prosecutor .
If you don't ask the president if you don't protect him from a potential target when clearly there's information surrounding jim guy tucker .
Mr. <unk> you're going backwards .
Through press stories or through the official summaries that he was the official target .
The time of the gentleman has expired .
You cannot tell the president what you don't know .
How do you protect him .
He didn't know until the day after about jim guy tucker .
In any event there was no conversation in the meeting having to do with whitewater .
And that's another way a president can protect himself .
You don't know that for a fact you never asked that question .
Mr. sanders .
Thank you mr. chairman .
Let me just make a few brief points and then maybe raise an issue that is of concern to me and i don't believe it has been discussed yet today .
Number one let me just reiterate i think there is concern legitimate concern that we're not getting into all kinds of areas that the public is interested in .
But i would simply remind the members of the committee that the scope of this hearing is limited by house resolution three hundred ninety four which was supported by the overwhelming majority of the members of the house .
Let me quote why probably all of us voted for that resolution and that was to make sure that this hearing would not interfere with the on going investigation of special counsel robert b. <unk> in other words there is more to happen we are going to learn more but i think we can all agree we don't want to interfere with the investigation of mr. fisk .
A second point that has been made very important basic point is the special independent counsel mr. fisk republican as concluded his investigation of foster's death and the issue of the context between the <unk> the treasury and the r. t. c. he has concluded that foster committed suicide and also that the evidence is insufficient to establish that anyone within the white house or the department of treasury acted with the intent to <unk> influence an r. t. c. <unk> the third point that i think we are concerned about today and that indicates that there were in fact as i understand it over forty contacts between the white house staff the treasury and the r. t. c. staff .
And i think the bottom line is that the american people do want to make certain that charges against madison guarantee were treated by the r. t. c. in exactly the same ways that they would be treated if that bank had no connection to a man who was elected president .
Therefore i think this hearing is appropriate and i think that it is useful .
Although mr. fisk has concluded that there is no basis for criminal prosecution it is absolutely appropriate that we learn as much as we can from you in terms of those discussions and those contacts .
You yourself as i understand it mr. cutler have called that poor judgment .
And we'll want to know how we can prevent such behavior in the future .
Mr. chairman the issue that i want to raise and i know that mr. cutler is familiar with this issue .
I don't believe we've talked about it today and by no means am i making any derogatory statements about anybody on this committee .
But what concerns me very very much is there are individuals who on nationwide radio and television have disseminated unfounded accusations that i think nobody on this committee believes and i'm not suggesting that anyone does .
But unfounded accusations that have gone so far as to even suggest that the president of the united states and mrs. clinton are involved in murder are involved in <unk> and in arson .
And these are not just little people who were talking some little splinter group .
These are people who on national radio national television making these statements .
And i am very concerned about these types of vicious political attacks .
Now to my mind what goes on there is not simply an effort to undermine the presidency of bill clinton .
That's what politics is about and that's the game we play .
But what those people are doing mr. chairman are really undermining the faith of the american people in the democratic process .
I disagree i'm an independent i disagree with mr. clinton all the time so do the republicans so do all of us .
But if you have people speaking to millions of americans who are saying that the president of the united states and mrs. clinton are involved in murder are involved in arson are in involved in <unk> and that's what millions of people are hearing what are those people to believe about the united states government .
Why should they participate in the political process .
Why should they vote .
This concerns me very much .
So my questions to you mr. cutler are basically two fold .
Number one tell us in your judgment the worst example of what you refer to as poor judgment .
There's been a lot of poor judgment what is the worst .
And second of all if you can say a word as to how the white house or how you are responding or feel about these outrageous allegations which again i want to repeat i believe nobody in this committee believes .
Those are my two questions .
Well with respect to poor judgment mr. sanders as i've said before second guessing after the event is always very easy .
I wasn't there at the time and i'm sure the people who were there acted in complete good faith .
But i think myself that the question of whether mr. <unk> should recuse himself was a question he should have decided without consulting the white house .
And that it was too bad that the white house people involved indicated to him that they rather hoped he wouldn't they had a preference that he wouldn't .
They may have had perfectly good reasons for that .
My own view is that once the matter came up it would have been better and i believe what i would have done at the time is say go ahead and recuse .
That given the political and factual circumstances of whitewater at the time it would have been better to recuse and we might not be here in this hearing today i might still be practicing law instead .
With respect to these attacks on president and mrs. clinton they have reached a level of <unk> and <unk> if you'll let me say that that is unparalleled a new low level is probably the wrong word a new low unparalleled at least in my experience in the government that goes all the way back to w. w. i. i. .
I'm sure there've been other periods in american history when other presidents have been vilified and we've survived it but this seems to be very well financed it's a cottage industry .
There are a great many people apparently who would like to be bring president clinton down who will stop at practically nothing .
I talked earlier about trust .
I really deplore the lack of trust of one party for another of the public for the president of the press for anyone in public office today .
I think we've reached a low that should make us ashamed of ourselves .
It's one thing for the press and anyone exercising first amendment rights to be able to say what he wants about an administration and it's good for us but i come back as i said the other day to mr. joseph <unk> statement when he was counsel for the secretary of the army dealing with senator mccarthy have you no decency .
And i think it's something of which we should all remind ourselves .
The time for the gentleman has expired .
Mr. <unk> .
In response to the questioning of bernie sanders the independent from vermont today's only witness white house counsel bemoaning the fact that there is the vilification of the president of the united states .
You heard him saying that this attempt to get the president .
He said there are people who would like to bring the president down .
He said this attempt is very well financed .
He said it's a cottage industry and in reference to some segments of society including the news media he said we've reached a low that should make us ashamed of ourselves .
