Newsroom is setting its sights on july one thousand eight hundred sixty three as we prepare to board a time machine to gettysburg specifically the battle of gettysburg a pivotal event in america's civil war .
Throughout the week i will be in gettysburg pennsylvania bringing you reports from turner adventure <unk> interactive event .
We kick things off though today with a look at the epic film that brings gettysburg back to life .
The american civil war was north america's bloodiest conflict .
Its most critical battle was fought in the small pennsylvania town of gettysburg in july one thousand eight hundred sixty three .
In three days more than fifty thousand men fell either killed or wounded .
On a blazing hot afternoon in july one thousand eight hundred sixty three fifteen thousand confederate troops stepped out of these woods .
They were about to launch a <unk> some would say insane attack across a mile of open ground .
History would call it <unk> charge .
Nearly two years ago that scene came back to life .
In the summer of nineteen ninety one turner pictures began filming a four hour epic called gettysburg on the very ground on which the battle was fought .
For director ron maxwell it was the realization of a fifteen year dream .
And for the three thousand five hundred re <unk> it was an experience of a lifetime .
It's like mecca or jerusalem for us .
You know just this is the center of civil war re <unk> .
They camped at the site with all the trappings of the nineteenth century .
These people living and breathing the civil war .
So when we had a scene for instance with martin sheen playing lee he rode out .
These troops went around him and they were crying out lee and virginia and they were reaching out to touch him .
And it bounced off him and it bounced back to them and there was this energy .
It was mystical .
Well i arrived over there on the spot where the actual charge took place .
As you know we were allowed to film there by the park service .
And seeing these thousands of men come across the field with the drums and they're yelling that rebel yell and the cannons trying to prevent their advance .
I tell you i got a chill and just tears rose in my eyes .
Those involved in the movie relived every moment of the battle .
And when it was all over the movie was done but they were left with a deeper appreciation of what happened during the battle of gettysburg .
I think that it will be a healing experience to see this film .
It should be .
I think that through all the death and destruction and murder and mayhem and the tragedy of it all there will be a catharsis .
