The last weekend of the baseball season finds three of the four divisional races wrapped up but a nail biter in the national league west where the giants and the braves the two teams with the best records in all of baseball are currently tied for first with two games to go .
We may be talking playoffs here .
Joining us from our bureau in los angeles to talk about the down to the wire race is weekend edition sports commentator ron rapoport .
Hey ron .
Hi neal .
There was a guy on here a couple of weeks ago using your voice who said the giants were toast .
Giants have hung in there pretty well since i pronounced them dead haven't they .
Pretty well maybe you rallied them .
But i tell you what if they can get through this weekend they're really something .
I mean here they are down in l. a. taking on their <unk> rivals the dodgers while atlanta is hosting colorado .
If the giants can pull this one off they deserve it .
Well the playoffs get underway tuesday night when toronto meets the white sox in chicago .
First time in ten years the sox have made it .
Yeah you know neal to really understand the white sox first you have to understand baseball in chicago .
And to understand baseball in chicago you first have to understand that it really isn't baseball at all it's religion .
In chicago people will tell you they're a sox fan because their father was a sox fan .
If anybody from chicago tells you they root for both the sox and the cubs they're just trying to see how <unk> you are .
What is it about chicago though and the appeal of the cubs the other team three quarters of the way through the season i think that the cubs attendance was well ahead of the white sox <unk> .
Well it has to do with the ballpark the <unk> of wrigley field while the new <unk> at <unk> park everybody kind of loves it but i think there's a certain nostalgia for the old place .
Um hmm .
It's funny i was talking to a friend of mine in evanston last week and he's been a sox fan ever since he can remember but he's married to a woman who's not only a cub fan but her whole family is cub fans so he was telling me that his son tells him that he's a product of a mixed marriage .
Well answer me this then .
The cubs have been out of it speaking <unk> for some time now .
Do they cross over and support the white sox not that they're in it .
Absolutely not .
They will absolutely not watch these games they'll turn the page they won't hope the sox are losing particularly they'll just pay no attention as if it wasn't happening .
Well even before we have a winner between the braves and the giants i will predict that whichever of those teams emerges triumphant will win the world series .
What about you ron .
Yeah i think you might be right although you know having worked in chicago and having been there in nineteen eighty three when they almost got to the world series i'd like to think the sox might have a shot at it .
I tell you what if they get to the world series i'm picking them to go all the way what the heck .
Looks like the <unk> are a lock .
Thanks a lot .
Thanks ron .
