If you're not too busy with christmas parties this weekend the networks request the pleasure of your company in front of the television .
And they're offering some big stars to entice you .
Woody allen gives his first t. v. performance in a quarter century co starring with michael j. fox in a movie that might have been called bullets over the iron curtain .
Jim moret has this story .
We haven't met have we .
Oh i'm i'm i'm i'm john randall .
I i i i work in the department of the interior .
I was born in milwaukee wisconsin but i went to .
Woody allen doing a made for t. v. movie .
Yep .
Allen stars with julie <unk> in don't drink the water adapted from his first play which <unk> on broadway in nineteen sixty six to rave reviews .
Allen and <unk> play naive american tourists in an iron curtain country .
<unk> <unk> <unk> stars as their daughter and michael j. fox takes the role of a bumbling young diplomat who pushes the cold war to freezing levels .
Some of the best men in foreign service have at one time or another been asked to leave the country .
Africa in a continent .
You were recalled from an entire continent .
See i'm not really a natural at it .
Don't drink the water airs sunday night on a. b. c. .
If it's more traditional christmas t. v. fare you're craving c. b. s. brings good <unk> sunday with a christmas romance .
Gregory harrison stars as a cranky banker and olivia newton john plays a young widow with two children who all get snowed in together during christmas .
The storm must have knocked down the lines mr. harding .
Well i can't stay here .
We don't want you to .
One of olivia newton john's on screen daughters is in fact her real daughter <unk> la <unk> making her acting debut .
I didn't want to be a stage mum so i had to often back off because i didn't want to interfere with my relationships with other people .
Merry christmas my girls .
Merry christmas .
What is wonderful for me is that we'll always have this .
We'll always have this memento of this year and this time in our lives and this phase of her life .
This one .
This is a paul <unk> tree .
You need a blue ox to carry this through the streets .
It's not too big for me .
I can do it .
But the holiday spirit doesn't stop there .
Henry winkler comes out from behind the camera to star in one christmas based on the short story by truman <unk> .
The movie is like a different version of a christmas carol .
I play scrooge and i learn from this little boy this little eight year old who knows supposedly nothing i learn all about life .
Winkler teams up with <unk> kurtz and four time academy award winner katharine <unk> .
If i may .
You may leave if that's what you're about to suggest .
Fabulous fabulous woman .
I don't think there's anyone like her ever .
It was a great honor .
One christmas airs monday on n. b. c. .
