In russia boris yeltsin declared this a day of national mourning for those who were killed in the uprising .
The russian government now puts the figure at one eighty seven people killed .
We must all make sure mr. yeltsin said this tragedy cannot happen again. mr. yeltsin also spent another day going after his political enemies .
He suspended the constitutional court which had tried to stop him from <unk> parliament .
Mr. yeltsin's next political targets are outside moscow .
They're called local councils <unk> from the days of communist rule .
There are eighty eight of them across the country half of them sided with mr. yeltsin's rivals in the parliament including one in the <unk> region .
And there will be consequences .
Here's a. b. c.'s jim laurie .
They're politicians on the ropes .
One hundred miles from moscow members of the <unk> regional soviet or local council .
Two weeks ago they refused to support boris yeltsin backing the russian parliament instead .
Now they're back <unk> as fast as they can saying they made a mistake by supporting rutskoi and khasbulatov the jailed rebel leaders .
I feel hurt betrayed by them .
We favored compromise not confrontation .
Yeltsin wants local councils like this one to <unk> a move many here support .
We have just a bunch of communists on our local council .
They're always sitting on the neck of the people .
But with parliamentary elections set for december yeltsin will need to do more than crack down on communists to win support .
Whatever the thoughts about yeltsin's crack down they are overshadowed in regions like this one by concerns about the economy .
Yeltsin's local campaign manager is a worried man .
We've got great problems .
Many here who backed us in the past now oppose us .
They have their reasons .
<unk> <unk> earns just twelve dollars a month in this auto parts factory which often <unk> production for days at a time .
Yeltsin's word sounded good in nineteen ninety one when we elected him but his deeds since do not justify our confidence .
<unk> factories were once at the heart of the soviet military industrial complex .
This is now a place of the unemployed or underpaid facing ever rising prices .
The battle in moscow yeltsin says was fought for the sake of rapid economic reform .
Now the battle is to persuade people throughout russia that reform is really good for them .
Jim laurie a. b. c. news <unk> russia .
We have one last item from overseas .
The former prime minister of pakistan <unk> bhutto may soon be prime minister again .
Three years after she was removed from office ms. bhutto's party won the largest number of seats in yesterday's parliamentary elections .
She will now try to form a governing coalition .
And if she succeeds she will have accomplished a stunning comeback .
When we come back gang violence how one city has tried to silence the guns .
