Bosnia's warring parties are not the only ones feeling the pressure of a possible peace .
The clinton administration is also feeling the heat from bosnia's newest player the russians .
C. n. n.'s mark leff has that .
The official word from washington as darkness fell in sarajevo was that with no shelling and no apparent violations of the deadline there was no need for air strikes yet .
The nato decision stands .
We will continue to enforce the exclusion zone .
Any shelling of sarajevo or the appearance of heavy weapons in the exclusion zone will bring a certain and swift response from the u. n. and nato .
We on the military side are very well aware that this is not the end yet and that we have to remain vigilant that we have to very carefully continue to monitor compliance .
Early word was compliance was good enough at least with the weapons that nato and u. n. forces could find .
U. s. military leaders are already talking of expanding the humanitarian role of the peacekeepers in bosnia but not yet expanding the idea of an ultimatum on big guns in other parts of the country .
And we would not seriously consider taking more options until we are certain that this one is really secure .
So that alternative those options are certainly weeks away .
They're not days away .
Russia's defense minister called perry to suggest once again that u. s. troops join those of other nations on the ground in bosnia including russian soldiers working for the united nations .
While u. s. officials are full of praise for russia's help in getting bosnian serbs to stop the shooting around sarajevo the u. s. position on sending soldiers remains unchanged .
No until there is an enforceable political settlement to the war .
We're not committed to any specific number of troops but i think we should and that's been my position all along .
But the u. s. position on how to end the three way conflict in the former yugoslav republic may be changing .
In order to come to peace we are ready to compromise .
But we are not ready to capitulate .
But bosnia's prime minister is no longer hearing the u. s. government talk publicly of keeping his country in one peace .
The united states continues to feel that there should be no coercion on the bosnians but we will not impose a settlement on them .
The diplomats will keep talking in several places in coming days russia's foreign minister whose government historically supports the serbs wants a reunion with his u. s. counterpart to talk about the political future of bosnia .
As u. s. russian and other military powers watch to see where the guns of sarajevo eventually go .
