A few months after the movie comes out the tape arrives in the local video store .
And as it turns out a few months after the film awards the video awards are handed out .
The homer awards wound up the video software dealers association convention wednesday night in las vegas .
C. n. n.'s dennis michael was there .
The oscars gave the nod to schindler's list last spring .
But that movie won't be in competition until next year's <unk> but the video retailers who voted for the thirteenth annual homer awards vote both by their taste and by their wallets .
And so the blockbuster thriller the fugitive took top honors as video of the year from a major studio .
While the independent video of the year prize went to t. n. t.'s prize gettysburg a made for cable project that became a theatrical release and turner home <unk> biggest money maker to date .
This is a film that a lot of people said shouldn't have been made .
It was a film that people said shouldn't have gone theatrical and yet it did .
And i d. like to thank <unk> cinema for the great job that they did .
Entertainment and commerce also figured in the selection of aladdin as top family video .
Not only is it a critically acclaimed family entertainment but also it's the biggest money making video cassette of all time .
Movie maker and comic jerry lewis showed up to accept the lifetime achievement presidential award from the video dealers making light of the thirteen films he's produced and directed and his nomination for a nobel peace prize .
Yet with all that i still find incredible about what has happened to me .
To be out among the public with this body of work behind you i'm always astonished when the one thing the public wants from me is to yell <unk> .
And video star of the year award winner steven seagal expressed mixed emotions about his career in action films .
Drama was something that i was always very interested in and i kind of always secretly felt sort of cheated that i could fight so good because that's what i was raised doing and i felt that warner brothers was always sort of pushing me into the the action genre which i have to say tonight after seeing that <unk> and being here with you all i'm glad they did .
Film critic and expert leonard <unk> hosted the award show .
After nearly a decade in las vegas the video software dealers association convention moves to dallas next year where schindler's list will get it's chance for video glory .
