Welcome again to news night .
I'm catherine callaway at the c. n. n. center in atlanta .
Brian christie has the night off .
Tonight two major stories but we have full details on both .
First fresh u. s. troops and heavy weaponry will head to somalia in a matter of hours .
This after a bloody battle and the deadliest day for u. s. troops since their mission began .
Twelve soldiers were killed seventy eight hurt and at least one was captured .
C. n. n.'s jamie mcintyre reports .
There was jubilation in somalia as supporters of warlord mohammed farah <unk> celebrated the heavy u. s. casualties in sunday's raid .
In a grim scene some of the bodies of u. s. servicemen were displayed in the streets of mogadishu .
Two u. s. helicopters were brought down by ground fire after army rangers nabbed two dozen of <unk> men meeting in a downtown hotel including two of his top lieutenants .
A free lance somali cameraman shot an interview with a u. s. soldier who identified himself as the pilot of one of the downed black hawk helicopters .
My name is durant mike durant u. s. army .
I'm a black hawk pilot .
I'm a soldier i have to do what i'm told .
Innocent people being killed is not good .
Immediately after c. n. n. broadcast the tape pentagon and white house officials issued tough warnings against the mistreatment of any americans in somali hands .
If anything happens to them inconsistent with that the united states not the united nations the united states will view this matter very gravely and take appropriate action .
Pres .
Clinton said he was not satisfied with the level of protection for u. s. forces in somalia and the pentagon announced its sending in heavily armored reinforcements including four m. one a one tanks fourteen bradley fighting vehicles two a c. one thirty gunships and some two hundred more troops .
Essentially our function is to establish enough security so that if we withdraw or enough of a security regime so that if we withdraw the situation the famine and the anarchy don't return .
On capitol hill the new casualties provoked new calls for a pull out .
Americans by the dozens are paying with their lives and limbs for a misplaced policy .
As the body bags pile up in mogadishu the confusion over u. s. objectives increases .
Even as more troops head to somalia many in the military say the mission has lost its purpose and the mood in congress is to force a showdown on funding for somalia sooner rather than later .
Jamie <unk> c. n. n. the pentagon .
Well as you have heard some of washington's strong voices are calling for u. s. troops to come home from somalia even as pres .
Clinton says u. s. support for the u. n. mission there is firm .
But what does the man in the street have to say about it .
This is the reason u. s. soldiers went into somalia with the blessings of many at home .
The images of their arrival were commanding and their reception was grateful .
But as the mission changed so did the images at least in part of mogadishu american casualties and a hostile population .
But as some americans talk about the conflict in somalia another conflict is still on their minds .
What about the rank and file .
