An escalating fare war causing the drop in the price of those airline stocks .
American airlines a. m. r. down two dollars a share united lost four dollars delta lost three quarter .
Two securities firms down <unk> the stocks of the major airlines after most of the major carriers followed american airlines lead and slashed their lowest domestic summer fares by half .
But the bargain for travelers may be rough on investors .
Kitty pilgrim has the story from wall street .
The fare wars started with northwest airlines two for one offer but quickly turned into a free for all after american airlines <unk> most domestic fares .
Everyone went with the northwest plan and american meanwhile just said we'll sort of act like the enforcer in this deal we'll drop the fares even lower and see how much pain people can stand .
In an industry that lost two billion dollars and three carriers into bankruptcy last year american airlines is one of the biggest and it's chairman is one of the biggest opponents of cut rate fares .
Just last month american chairman robert crandall introduced a plan that was supposed to simplify and revolutionize airfares .
Every seat everyday every flight to every place is available at that new fare .
We've got lots of capacity which will not be claimed by people even at these new low anytime fares .
Crandall was right .
Domestic air traffic fell in the first four months of this year while international travel recovered from its gulf war doldrums .
And while the economy has turned for other industries the airlines are still struggling for business .
One analyst says cutting fares is not the solution .
Dropped fares in a sluggish economy normally mean a reduction in revenues and therefore greater losses .
So i really don't see how the industry can afford to make any further big <unk> at this point in time .
Howard says the fare cuts could turn a break even year for the industry into another losing one .
Other analysts disagree saying cheap seats are better than empty ones for the airlines .
