Fewer people in britain are buying ringside seats to the big top .
Animal rights groups and the recession have battered britain's circus industry but as c. n. n.'s jim clancy reports the show goes on .
Centuries of entertainment traditions are under increased pressure in britain .
Circuses are battling to survive against the recession while animal rights groups accuse patrons of helping to sponsor cruelty against the real stars of the show .
In response many city councils have adopted a ban on circuses with animals in britain forcing the big tops to set up miles outside of town .
It's adding to economic pressure that's already changed the business .
It has changed enormously .
We had to pull ourselves up by the <unk> really and abandon a lot of the old traditional ways of going about the business .
The days when a few posters in town would bring in the public are gone .
Now the performers collect tickets and sell programs at the door .
The clowns man the souvenir shop .
Everybody .
I do the <unk> with a couple of the other <unk> and shop .
That's helped this circus survived while many others have been forced to fold their tents in britain for good .
Behind the big top and out of the spotlights the performers who bring the circus to life disagree with animal rights activists and insist that despite hard economic times the show will go on .
It will go on .
It's gone on for generations now already .
My mother comes from generation that is sixty to seventy years of circus .
This circus has opened up its grounds for the public to see how the animals are well treated .
It's one way of fighting to keep the circus what it is .
I think people come to see the circus to see the clowns and the animals .
That's how circuses started off with clowns and animals and i think if there's no animals in circuses there won't be any circuses .
It's an opinion shared by perhaps the most important members of the audience who know what they like .
I like the elephant .
I like the elephant .
I like tricks that did .
Britain's oldest surviving family circus is doing well because it has changed along with the business and attitudes on animal rights .
It must change if the circus is to remain the same .
