Sometimes the most amazing things happen that you don't expect .
Recently one of our twenty twenty ths camera crews was at a hospital preparing a piece on heart disease when a young child was rushed in in critical condition .
He had sustained a severe head injury and you may be surprised to learn that more children die from head injuries than from any other cause .
And we then watched anxiously as this drama unfolded right in front of us and we doubt you've seen anything like this before .
Follow doctor timothy johnson through this minute by minute account as we learn how an emergency room team springs into action to save the life of one little boy .
At six fifty p. m. on thursday march eleventh an ambulance brought six year old craig <unk> to this suburban chicago emergency room .
Craig's parents are out of town so his aunt and uncle called an ambulance after craig fell on his head and lost consciousness .
Craig's fate is uncertain .
He is still unconscious .
He could die within minutes or he might live but never come out of the coma .
Craig is not breathing on his own so doctors at christ hospital are breathing for him with this blue bag known and an <unk> bag .
Right away doctor leif <unk> the emergency department resident in his second year of training needs some answers .
For example did the fall not only injure craig's brain but also break his neck .
To answer that question he orders x. rays of the cervical spine .
Can we shoot a c. spine sometime .
While the x. ray machine is positioned another resident tries to see if craig will respond .
Hey craig .
Craig .
There is no response .
A ventilator that will supply oxygen more efficiently is quickly brought to the room .
At seven ten suddenly there is a new problem .
Craig is having a seizure .
And he's got facial <unk> and jerking of all sorts from this .
If it continues the seizure could cause more brain damage so doctor <unk> quickly orders <unk> to stop the seizure .
After the x. ray is taken doctor er <unk> <unk> with doctor michael lambert the senior emergency department physician and one of the hospital <unk> reverend <unk> .
As he calls craig's parents long distance all doctor <unk> knows is that craig fell while he was playing in his basement when he aunt was upstairs .
Ma'am i don't know exactly what's going on to be able to tell you that okay .
That's why you know i don't want to mislead you and tell you he's okay right now 'cause i think he's in serious condition .
But yet at the same time until i see exactly what's happening i can't tell you a whole lot more and i apologize for that .
Doctor <unk> has few answers because he doesn't have a cat scan of craig's brain a vital piece of information in head injury cases .
It is now seven eighteen .
As craig is wheeled toward the scan room doctor <unk> voices some frustration .
Do we have an eyewitness to tell us exactly what happened .
The scan is critical .
It will tell doctors whether craig needs emergency surgery to stop any bleeding in his brain or whether any bleeding is so bad it couldn't be corrected with surgery .
If there is bleeding craig could die or be in a vegetative state the rest of his life or face dangerous surgery on his brain .
Like many head injury cases at this point there are more questions than answers .
Seven twenty six now that they know craig's neck is not broken doctors move to get the scan quickly .
Craig is hooked up to several intravenous tubes and the ventilator so he has to be moved carefully to the table .
Blood studies important studies in head injuries suggest craig was not breathing for some time after he fell so giving oxygen is vital .
The tube which was inserted down into craig's breathing system is essential to supplying him with the right amount of oxygen .
If the tube is not placed properly he could get inadequate oxygen .
How far do they pull back the tube .
Three or four centimeters .
Did you pull it back and give him this .
I pulled back yeah a really good ways .
Cause he has a po two of sixty on that last gas .
Okay look .
Here look .
Take a .
No it's fine .
I mean is he <unk> well when you listen to both sides .
I didn't rely listen to both sides .
Let's listen again and just make sure .
The faces of the doctors nurses and technicians .
They are clearly worried about craig .
At first some good news .
The scans indicate that surgery because there is no bleeding that can be <unk> corrected .
But then some frightening pictures that appear to shake doctor <unk> .
The scans suggest a horrible possibility a massive bleeding throughout the brain tissue itself .
If that's happened surgery can't help and craig's prognosis is grim .
This kind of bleeding is sometimes referred to as <unk> .
It's interesting though .
It's all <unk> .
Now doctor <unk> must wait .
The actual scans have to be printed out .
He reports the results of the initial scan reading to doctor lambert and then goes back to the get the actual scans .
After a brief check doctor <unk> walks anxiously to radiology for a consultation .
As he looks at the scans doctor <unk> sees a <unk> that could be blood in the brain tissue but now he has doubts .
We got a little guy a seven year old took a fall of a was swinging on a pole and fell down and is unresponsive over there .
When <unk> doctor catherine bryan carefully examines the scans particularly the <unk> that appeared to be bleeding in the brain she reaches a different conclusion .
She says the <unk> is just the covering of the brain called the <unk> .
It's what they were calling an <unk> bleed over here .
Where .
Who .
Just when they were skipping through it that's what it looked like over there with some light .
Number .
I think that's just the <unk> .
Further examination of additional cans confirms doctor bryan's conclusion no bleeding .
Okay great .
It is seven forty just fifty minutes after craig arrived at the hospital .
He has passed one hurdle he will not need surgery but another critical question remains .
Will he ever wake up .
Even without bleeding the vital centers in this brain may have been so severely damaged that he might remain in a permanent coma .
The next day craig's uncle and his parents who had rushed back from out of town come to see craig and doctor david <unk> .
Craig still is unconscious .
He's in critical condition and there you know until we see that the tests have shown that his brain is functioning adequate we will have to call him critical .
When craig was laying in the bed he wasn't responding .
I was saying baby i mommy loves you you know god loves you and he just was like he wasn't there .
Come on craig .
Come on back to us honey .
And i'm like god i ask you when i pray to bring him back and bring him back with his mind and bring him back with everything all his functions and everything you know just like he was .
But i looking at him and he wasn't you know he wasn't responding at all .
Try real hard craig .
Try real hard to open your eyes so you can see us .
Try real hard .
Mr <unk> <unk> i know you want to see us 'cause you haven't seen us since wednesday .
Come on .
I saw him and i said you know god this is my son laying here with all these tubes and everything down his throat .
And he wasn't breathing on his own .
At this point doctors don't know exactly what happened other than to say that he apparently stunned his brain and suffered a severe <unk> .
Day two twenty four hours later here in the pediatric intensive care unit craig <unk> was taken off the ventilator .
He could breathe on his own .
During the night he started showing signs of coming out of the coma .
For example he became agitated started moving his arms and legs .
And at three o'clock a. m. thirty four hours after he fell <unk> <unk> his nurse was finally able to break through to him .
I'd asked him his name .
He wasn't responding .
He was starting to move around more and i kept concentrating looking at him saying what is your name .
How old are you .
Do you know where you are and he just looked at me and said i love you .
And i repeated the questions .
He continued to move around more .
He was following my eye contact and just repeated again i love you .
Wasn't that a little unusual .
Yes .
Yes it was .
It took me by surprise and everybody else in the unit at the time .
He woke up and at that moment we he was able to recognize his mother intermittently not constantly and so we knew that his head injury albeit it had been severe was most likely going to improve .
On day four craig was moved out of the pediatric intensive care unit so he could begin the long and critical process of rehabilitation much of it to happen right here in this room .
But as he began doctors warned that even though he was starting to took pretty good he still faced a very uncertain road back from the effects of such a serious head injury .
Day eight craig was well enough to talk to his parents and his uncle .
Can you tell your daddy do you remember what happened .
I was in the basement .
I was swinging on the pole and i fell and hit my head .
Craig is <unk> quite well with us yet he's not normal by any means at this point .
Craig's thinking is not normal .
He doesn't remember as well .
And just within the last day or so has he begun to remember from day to day .
His ability to learn his ability to interact socially with his friends with his parents is not normal yet .
Can you swing around here .
Day twelve craig seems to have made considerable progress .
He is talking and moving around .
His thinking memory and physical skills are improving .
His parents say he is practically back to normal .
But the rehabilitation specialist can see that craig still has significant problems .
Okay walk the same speed as me .
Craig's parents say he was very athletic .
In summer camp he would always win the races and he could <unk> by age four .
First rehabilitation specialist and go forward on the balance beam .
But this boy who also excelled at gymnastics still needs assistance to just walk on the balance beam .
He often stumbles .
First rehabilitation specialist .
Great .
Okay put your right foot .
And when asked to hop on one foot it is obvious that the injury affected one side more than the other .
Okay .
Now try to hop three times in a row .
One two three .
Good good job .
Now try it with your left foot .
I think we can see craig when you're trying to put together all this stuff do the jumping together and the hopping it gets a lot harder to do it all together at the same time and do it right .
But we're real glad that you're doing better .
His mental deficits are also evident in simple everyday tasks .
For example when asked to wash his hands he has trouble with the sequence of actions .
He <unk> the towel first .
No i don't think we do that .
No let's try again .
You need to right .
Do you need some soap .
None of this surprises the doctors .
It is typical for serious head injury patients to have a long period of physical and mental deficiency though the younger the patient usually the quicker the recovery .
Right now craig is probably functioning at about one year less than his chronological age in terms of his ability to remember to think to reason .
And doctor adair says one of the biggest problems for children with head injuries is that they look normal but they know they're not .
Therefore understanding is critical .
When everybody around him says craig you look so wonderful you look so great you look normal and craig knows he's not he'll be put in a position of sometimes feeling like he has to defend that he's not okay which is a terribly difficult position for a child to be much less an adult .
Day fifteen craig <unk> leaves christ hospital .
He had entered in a coma possibly close to death but now because of a lot of people some he saw some he didn't a family's prayers have been answered .
Oh what a miracle or so it seems .
How will craig do .
Will he make a full recovery .
He's already made a full recovery physically and mentally he's making improvements .
He returned to school this week part time but that will take a while longer .
It's hard to say .
Tim you were an active emergency room physician weren't you in the seventies .
Right .
How different is it .
Well the big difference as we see in this piece from what we had back in the seventies is the ready availability of the cat scan to get a picture of the brain what a difference that makes so you know immediately what you're dealing with and whether surgery is needed .
I think that's the huge difference today .
This child might have died .
Could have or certainly wouldn't have been handled as well .
That's a wonderful tool .
We criticize the cat scan a lot but in the emergency room here it's absolutely vital .
And to see it step by step as we did because our cameras were there fascinating .
Thank you .
You're welcome .
Well next she preaches to the rich and famous and the down and out .
And if she's not saying anything new then why are thousands of people listening to marianne williamson .
