Doctors were being thought of knights in shining and now we're thought of as not caring that much for the patient and only for the money .
Oh you know they think they're gods .
That's the way i see it .
They think they're gods .
I think they're real respected .
I think we depend on them a whole lot .
We depend on them to have a whole lot of knowledge and everything .
There was a time when family practice meant an office of one or two physicians .
Welcome to the world of corporate medicine where you can find m. d.s by the dozens and patients by the thousands .
This is the medical equivalent of the <unk> and these doctors are physician owners of the fairfax family practice center in the washington d. c. area .
Well i think you get better medicine now in that you are not stuck with one office one doctor .
The group handles one hundred twenty thousand patient visits a year and is beyond anything t. v. doctor marcus <unk> could have envisioned .
You can discharge me as your doctor but you can't discharge me as your friend so easily .
Fairfax family practice c. e. o. william carter says doctor <unk> would be welcome here as would a country doctor .
What's the difference between a rural physician and what you're doing here in suburban washington .
You wouldn't see any difference at all in what goes in the exam room here versus there .
The clinical care of patients is not different .
What is different is the organizational support system .
That means two hundred employees to handle insurance claims and push the piles of paper that would otherwise <unk> away at a doctor's productive hours .
In the nineties the group practitioner is the rule the lone physician the exception .
A lot of people in solo practices or in partnerships are finding that they can't afford the information systems they can't afford the professional management they don't have access to capital and they don't have contracting abilities like a group would have .
The fairfax family practice center is no cottage industry .
It has thirty doctors in four locations .
It's a <unk> dollar operation and it's growing fast .
Once the low status grunts of the medical world primary care physicians are now in demand so much so that venture capital companies are <unk> up these practices at a rapid rate .
The ability to walk away from the burden of running the business side of the practice is a great attractive feature to doctors .
Second we expect to pay them equal to or better than what they can make in private practice .
Health care reform or not the system will need more primary care doctors to run prepaid health plans which count on keeping people away from expensive specialists by emphasizing preventive care .
Because of the increased demand for generalists that's coming from the managed care developments it's clear that managed care organizations are finding it very difficult to hire physicians to do general care .
Terrence <unk> and his wife katherine cole are both doctors working in the fairfax group .
The affiliation gives them financial security and time with their two children sam and anna .
They're making about twice as much as they made in a small town iowa practice .
Primary care doctors if they're able to consolidate into organizations that are big enough to contract will be able to do well .
I think that the issue is going to be who's going to be running the organizations that pay the doctors .
Will the fairfax group sell out .
We've been approached by a number of potential purchasers .
We're not interested at the moment .
But what will become of the specialists .
