The future went on sale monday in washington .
It was called the largest sale of government property ever .
The property sold was air waves and the future of telecommunications may be in the balance .
Irv chapman reports on the computerized action .
A <unk> sized telephone of the near future vice president al gore displayed it as he kicked off an auction of radio frequencies to serve such portable phones .
Now we're using the auctions to put licenses in the hands of those who value them the most .
Bidding could take months and end up putting as much as nine billion dollars into the federal treasury .
Let the auctions begin .
A few <unk> used computers installed by the federal communications commission .
Others bid from their own headquarters .
In this first day participants offered up less than four hundred million dollars worth of bids the highest including fifty million dollars for the new york area thirty eight million dollars for southern california .
Pacific bell expects to win licenses in california .
We expect other <unk> to have an opportunity to become discouraged when they see how determined we are .
The companies involved have total assets of three hundred billion dollars .
Analysts say that's why <unk> can easily afford the risks of investing in expensive new systems even if the potentially huge market is a long time in coming .
We plan on bidding aggressively but we are not going to <unk> for these licenses .
And we are not going to get caught in a bidding frenzy .
Competing p. c. s. services would serve each metropolitan area side by side with cellular and wired phones .
The goals are both to provide these new go anywhere telephones and to drive down the cost of all telephone services thanks to extra competition .
Irv chapman c. n. n. business news washington .
In an interesting <unk> to that story the federal communications commission shunned the latest technology during its auctions .
Because of the recently acknowledged bug in intel's pentium <unk> the f. c. c. decided not to use its pentium equipped computers during the auction monday .
