In tonight's news from medicine we focus on a study whose conclusions many will find shocking .
Perhaps you think it's impossible to ignore aids given the <unk> deadly toll .
Well think again .
Researchers say aids has left scarcely a wrinkle on the fabric of american society .
C. n. n. medical correspondent jeff levine reports .
More than one hundred thirty thousand americans have died from aids in the last decade .
But a new report from a prestigious advisory group suggests the epidemic has not left a permanent mark on social institutions .
The national research council looked at the effect of aids on public health religion prisons research health services and community organizations .
Although it's a catastrophic epidemic it hasn't made much change significant change in the way these institutions are going about their business .
The report titled the social impact of aids in the u. s. notes that other epidemics like the black plague led to lasting social change .
But the others point out that aids is not democratic and that it's effects are most profound on people they call socially invisible namely gays and drug abusers .
Since in absolute terms the numbers of those with the disease is relatively small aids is often viewed as somebody else's problem .
That's one of the worst aspects of the epidemic it's discriminatory in its meanness .
There are areas where aids has made a dent according to the report's authors aids activists have speeded up the drug approval process as well as the pace of basic research .
There's the common understanding that this is a joint effort .
The paternalism that existed in those institutions is no longer accepted .
If anything the aids epidemic has <unk> the ability of social institutions to absorb a problem rather than respond to it .
Access to health care is no better because of aids in fact it's probably a lot worse and so many of these institutions the problems inherent in them become very very clear with aids .
The report's authors compare the aids epidemic with another tragedy .
Influenza claimed seven hundred thousand lives between nineteen eighteen and nineteen twenty .
