In sarajevo the self appointed bosnian muslim assembly has effectively rejected the geneva peace plan that would divide the country in three ethnic mini states .
The assembly voted to accept the plan only on the condition that territory formerly populated by a muslim majority would be returned .
The vote is not binding on the multi ethnic and freely elected parliament that's now convened to decide on the peace plan for itself .
But given the political prominence of the members of the new muslim assembly its vote is expected to have considerable influence on the parliament .
And if the parliament rejects the plan the likely outcome would be continued war .
Npr's sylvia poggioli is in sarajevo and she joins us now .
Sylvia first what is the new bosnian muslim assembly where did it come from and who belongs to it .
Well it's something completely new .
Its creation was announced only four days ago .
Its name is not bosnian assembly but <unk> which has come to mean specifically bosnian muslim .
The founder of this assembly is <unk> <unk> he is a writer of not particularly high caliber but who has recently taken on the role of spiritual leader of muslim nationalism .
He was joined in forming this assembly by a group of intellectuals and religious leaders .
But the assembly itself which was about three hundred fifty people who met here yesterday included all the top leaders of bosnian politics president alija izetbegovic government and parliamentary officials and the entire top military brass .
So it's not a marginal cultural association it really represents the muslim power base in bosnia today .
And was there any doubt at all but that they would reject the division of the country the plan to create a serb a croat a muslim mini state out of what is now bosnia .
No that came as a complete total surprise to everybody .
Basically everybody expected a conditional yes but the condition we expected was a firm international guarantee that the peace plan be implemented and that means specifically guarantees from the united states that it would send a large contingent of peace keepers .
But by demanding the return of serb occupied territory that had a majority of muslim population before the war the assembly essentially turned down the plan .
Serbs had made it very clear they are not willing to make any more concessions and the international community made it very clear that it is not going to come in to push them back to the territories provided in the plan fifty percent .
So this could be a sign of a hardening of the position of the muslim community and it could mean a continuation of war .
But there were a lot of contrasting statements today .
As members of this assembly justified the vote they insisted they never wanted the division of bosnia that it was an ultimatum forced upon them by the international community .
And at the same time they said that if there had to be a division it had to be fair .
In the discussions of this peace plan by the bosnian muslim assembly were there people who said we may not like the terms of this agreement but we're losing terribly in this war and the alternative could be even more catastrophic .
How do the bosnians see their future in a possibly continued war given how bad things have gone so far .
Well i think yes there were there were many people .
There was one man who for instance who spoke .
He had two sons .
Both his sons were killed in this war .
He talked about that .
But he said yes i'm for peace because i don't want any more people to have their children killed .
I think the feeling here is that many many members of the assembly really did want to vote yes to put an end to the war to put an end to the year and a half of fighting and you know not face the prospect of another and probably more devastating winter of war .
But none of these people want to be remembered by history as those who sold out their land and it would be taking responsibility sort of signing a death warrant for bosnia .
