Insurance companies accused of genetic discrimination .
And now for the your money mutual fund scoreboard .
It highlights the top performers this week .
The numbers as always are from lipper analytical services and they cover trading through thursday .
Stock funds were up one point one oh percent of bond funds picking up just three quarters of one percent .
The top types of funds again for the week ending thursday financial services funds gained two point four oh percent .
Real estate funds up by one point seven two percent .
European region funds added one point one eight percent .
Of all these funds the week's best performer was <unk> wright italian up five point four six percent and last week's loser oppenheimer global biotech down by three point four nine percent .
Most people are aware they may be denied insurance coverage for a pre existing medical condition .
But you may not know that just the suspicion of certain ailments may cost you higher premiums or lower coverage .
Greg lefevre has more .
She can't get medical insurance because her mother has huntington's disease and she may carry the same genes .
I have a fifty percent chance of having it .
She hides her identity because if her employer finds out she may lose her job too .
She's not sick .
She suffers instead she says from genetic discrimination .
If it should become known that i am at risk of having this disease then my competency will be in question .
And thus your job .
Absolutely .
A study revealed if your genes show a disposition toward a certain disease your insurance company may cancel you years perhaps decades before you get sick if you get sick at all .
The general trend in insurance has been to insure only those who are healthy and to exclude or rate or make insurance unaffordable to those who are either sick currently or who are deemed at risk for becoming sick in the near future .
<unk> found ninety three cases of so called genetic discrimination .
The insurance industry says no company uses genetics to exclude applicants but some do consider the data .
Just because certain information comes out of a genetic test that doesn't mean that a candidate will be rejected .
It may mean a difference in premium .
<unk> says genetic information should be used to treat patients not to reject them .
The insurers and the insured would then see it in their best interest to take cheap measures which would reduce the likelihood of illness .
If this woman does get sick she says the system she pays to protect her will instead abandon her .
A carrier will not accept my application .
Because of your family history .
Because of my family history .
So far scientists have identified only about two percent of human genes .
The american medical association opposes genetic testing as a tool by employers to screen potential workers .
Critics of genetic testing say it invites prejudice .
What if society had know john kennedy was going to have <unk> disease .
Or george bush <unk> .
And what would the <unk> say about president clinton's appetite for hamburgers .
