Now checking some political news in the united states republicans running for congress went to capitol hill today and made a campaign promise .
But as c. n. n.'s bob franken reports they say they will keep the promise only if the g. o. p. wins a majority of seats in the house in the fall elections .
It was the mother of all photo ops three hundred republican house candidates signing what they called their contract with america .
Today is the day we as republicans make our compact with the people to take back their house and restore faith in the institution of the congress .
It's a ten point promise republicans say they'll keep if they take over the house of representatives no longer considered unthinkable given the way voters feel .
I feel that the republicans do a better job of managing the country than the democrats do .
Polls consistently show the nation holds the democratic controlled congress in virtual contempt .
That's what republicans call an opportunity .
One of the p. r. people called the herd of t. v. cameras the prettiest picture of all .
They were shooting a mega staged event .
The contract pledges that in a republican house there will be votes within a hundred days on term limits welfare reform new anti crime legislation and a slew of familiar economic proposals a variety of tax cuts including of course capital gains .
There's the balanced budget amendment and congressional reform .
This republican rally had democratic infiltrators most in tuxedos a symbol they said of g. o. p. special interest influence .
And in case anyone missed the point they also sent in a fat cat .
And in case anyone still missed their point .
Today the republican party signed a contract for warmed over stew and more trickle down .
As much as anything else this was a rally for congressman newt gingrich former partisan bomb thrower possible speaker of the house .
Today on these steps we are for this contract as a first step towards renewing american civilization .
People don't think independently thinking about their own special interests being reelected .
That's all they're really concerned about .
While given the congressional <unk> these days before you can judge the success of this event you'll have to determine whether these candidates are helped or hurt being so near to the capitol .
Bernie .
Bob do the republicans say if they do not take control of the house they will work with the democrats on problems the american voters care most about .
That is not something the republicans say very much these days .
They've been quite confrontational particularly in the house .
In fact the republicans say if they don't numerically take over the house but come close they may strike some deals with conservative democrats to take on the democrats anyway .
Thank you .
