Today in the trial of o. j. simpson the cross examination of denise brown nicole brown simpson's sister will present defense lawyers with a difficult tactical decision .
Should robert shapiro who will conduct the cross examination seek to shred denise brown's credibility by using her own past statements against her and showing jurors she may have a bias .
Or should he go easy merely eliciting from her the facts that she does not know what happened last june twelfth and that there were good times as well as bad between o. j. simpson and his wife .
That seventeen year relationship between the defendant and one of the victims in this case remains the focus of the prosecution's efforts this week .
It was they say an abusive and violent relationship that culminated in murder .
Last friday an emotional denise brown told the jurors of one incident that prosecutors believe shows just how violent o. j. simpson could be toward his wife .
Yelling me i don't take her for granted .
I do everything for her i give her everything .
And he continued and then a whole fight broke out and pictures started flying off the walls clothes started flying .
I ran upstairs got clothes started flying down the stairs .
And grabbed nicole told her to get out of his house .
Wanted us all out of his house .
Picked her up through her against a wall .
Picked her up through her out of the house .
She ended up on her she ended up falling .
She ended up on her <unk> and on her butt .
And so with that the jurors were sent back into sequestration for the weekend with nicole brown simpson recalled not just in the substance of her sister's testimony but in the very bones of her face .
In that striking brown family resemblance .
So it is then a tough choice for o. j. simpson's legal team .
Court t. v.'s kristin jeannette myers who's covering the defense for us joins us now from los angeles with more .
Kristin what'll it be for the defense here the hard road or going easy on this witness .
I think we can count on seeing a kinder <unk> defense team in this cross examination .
It's going to be done by robert shapiro and i spoke with him over the weekend .
He is clear that the last thing he wants is to cause denise brown to cry on the stand because he realizes the emotional impact of a family member of the victim .
And it just would not serve the defense to in any way appear to be increasing her pain .
And kristin i wonder at this juncture of the trial has anything to do with it .
After the first week the defense taking a very aggressive standpoint each and every time it seemed getting it back in spades as it were are they rethinking just how hard they want to go at this trial .
It's it's hard to characterize it as rethinking because you have a lot of different personalities and attorneys on this defense team .
And so while carl douglas was very aggressive with ron shipp it has been decided for months that robert shapiro was going to do the cross examination of denise brown .
And i don't think he ever entertained the notion of being aggressive with her .
So not withstanding what happened last week with carl douglas this is the plan that robert shapiro says he's always had since he realized that he would be the person to do the cross examination of denise brown .
A tough job certainly .
Kristin jeannette myers thanks for that report .
Now what denise brown does for the prosecution in this trial is take jurors into the heart of the relationship that the state contends is the key to understanding these crimes .
And it isn't a pretty picture that denise brown paints of that relationship .
O. j. simpson she has testified was a mean and an arrogant husband .
For instance it may be that among the most shocking allegations of abuse against o. j. simpson is denise brown's testimony from friday of a nineteen eighty nine incident where the defendant publicly and grossly humiliated his wife .
Well we all started well we were all drinking and <unk> around and being loud and dancing and having a great time .
And then at one point o. j. grabbed nicole's crotch and said this is where babies come from and this belongs to me .
And nicole just sort of wrote it off like it was nothing .
You know like she was used to that kind of treatment .
And if i i thought it was really humiliating if you ask me .
Well the behavior denise brown describes there is vile by any standard .
But nicole brown simpson's response her sister testified indicated she was used to such treatment .
When he grabbed her in the crotch were there people around .
Oh yeah the bar was packed .
Strangers .
Yeah .
Yeah .
He was talking to the strangers .
Did your sister nicole react to this at all .
She just kind of wrote it off and just you know shrugged her shoulders you know stop it or whatever .
I mean it was i don't know .
She didn't really react .
What kind of man would say such a thing .
Do such a thing in public .
That's what prosecutors want the jurors to ponder here and denise brown's testimony about the defendant's reaction fits into the state's theory that o. j. simpson felt he controlled nicole brown simpson to the point of ownership .
Did the defendant appear mad or angry or upset when he grabbed your sister's crotch and made these statements in front of these strangers .
Number .
Number .
He wasn't angry .
It was his .
That's the way he he just the way he acted .
The way it was like this belongs to me this is mine .
He wasn't angry when he said it he just made it a point .
He wanted it to be known that that was his .
Well court t. v.'s fred graham and gregg jarrett are standing by in los angeles .
And fred let me ask you how tough a witness is denise brown for the defense .
Well i certainly think the prosecution thought that her performance on friday must have been very effective because prosecutor chris darden milked it for everything it was worth by calling for a pre mature recess or <unk> of the trial on friday .
So that the jurors could meditate about her tears over the weekend .
But i must say terry that you know you can have too much of a good thing .
And gregg jarrett has looked into <unk> here and i think that he probably had a heart to heart talk with her over the weekend .
Yeah i think you're right .
He he really has to do that .
To control her demeanor to try to get her to knock off the gratuitous comments that are really opinions .
You know the law in california does not require a lawyer to control his witness's demeanor and gratuitous comments .
It's governed by the rules of court and there's nothing in there in the rules of court .
And as a practical matter you really do want to control your witness because the more opinions that she states in the case the more bias she reveals and the less likely it is that the jury might believe her they might discredit her .
Let me ask you because johnnie cochran one of the defense lawyers said on the way out of the courthouse he thought some of it the weeping was deliberate .
That there's a danger isn't it .
Well there is a danger .
It's a danger for cochran to make statements like that but of course these jurors are sequestered .
But i mean with your i mean with the jury .
That she might if they think that there's a problem .
Yeah there is a real problem with that .
And you know the judge has got to sort of keep an eye on the situation too .
He has an obligation to control the witness .
He can either admonish the witness to stop the gratuitous comments or he can instruct the jurors to strike it from their minds disregard it or both .
And you know at worse case scenario a judge can always begin contempt proceedings against a witness that simply is unresponsive to all of the questions .
That's unlikely there though .
You know it's it's what happens if she just won't shape up .
Or can't .
Well if she won't shape up the judge can call a recess talk to her personally .
In fact the judge can talk to her in front of the jurors and that would be a little risky .
And then of course contempt is the ultimate sanction .
My experience is the <unk> witnesses i've ever seen always manage to get a grip on themselves .
Now when you turn back around to what the defense might do on this cross examination how far do you think shapiro might go in asking her about there's some vulnerabilities here without having problems himself and taking chances and creating sympathy with the jury .
Yeah .
One of the things that some people have suggested that shapiro might do is say look denise brown you believe o. j. simpson's guilty and that's why you're testifying against him in the way that you are .
You can't ask a witness about guilt or innocence .
That's an ultimate question of fact .
Only the jury may decide that .
To do otherwise would allow a little bit like an election or a ballot initiative everybody takes the witness and says i vote for guilty i vote for not guilty .
So you can't you can't do that .
What shapiro could do is say look you have formed an opinion about whether or nor mr. simpson committed this crime haven't you and without stating that opinion isn't it true that that has shaded and colored your testimony .
But you know i don't think he needs to do that because on friday a clear signal was sent from that witness stand to the jurors about how denise brown feels toward o. j. simpson .
Yeah and one of the things that we saw is that if that there are so many ways to deal with this if you're the defense .
You can call for a side bar .
You can go up and talk with the judge and sort of break up the pace of this and head her off from breaking down .
And you saw it right at the start of her testimony on friday .
Rather routine question and the first thing you now one of the defense says let's go up and talk to the judge .
See how that worked because you may see a lot of it today .
And you returned to the defendant's home after the game correct .
Yes .
Yes .
Anything unusual happen then .
Yeah o. j. got real upset and he started screaming at nicole .
Your honor .
And we're used to side bars .
We may get used more used to them before the day is over .
Terry .
Well fred listening to your discussion a question occurred to me .
And that is with a volatile witness like this for the prosecution what if she <unk> out something that's inadmissible and so prejudicial that it gives rise to a question about the fairness of the trial .
What if she were to <unk> out nicole told me she was frightened he was going to kill her .
Can a mistrial occur .
Well terry you know i don't think anyone wants a mistrial in this case .
The defense would have to ask for one .
It's had some opportunities to do that and they always say hey we want we want a decision here .
But you know it's it's you'd have a situation that we see so often in which the judge would admonish the jury to dismiss it from their minds .
And like the old saying goes it's like telling a child not to think about a purple cow .
Trying to <unk> the bell .
