Chairman mao once wrote a revolution is not a tea party .
It is an act of violence .
Today even though the symbols of mao's communist revolution still dominate china's political landscape the country his successors defiantly hailed as the last true <unk> of socialism is undergoing a non violent revolution perhaps more profound than that which mao himself inspired .
In the vanguard of this revolution carrying not a gun but a portable telephone is twenty three year old <unk> bing .
<unk> bing is a private entrepreneur a new breed of chinese style capitalist <unk> and dealing to drum up business for his chain of clothing stores in beijing .
The most important thing is getting the deal done .
China has one point two billion people .
There is no limit to how much money i can make .
Success hasn't come easily to <unk> bing .
Mr. <unk> when i first started people looked down on me but private businessmen can help fill the holes in a state run economy .
Back then government run stores only sold clothes in blue green and gray so when i went into business i didn't have much competition .
Today <unk> bing runs five stores in beijing .
He has ambitious expansion plans .
He is getting rich and all across china there are millions more like him .
Despite crackdown in tiananmen square despite the collapse of communism almost everywhere else indeed in part because of it china's paramount leader deng xiaoping has sought not to stifle but to actively encourage market oriented reforms here .
We say in china we need to liberate our thinking .
What does this mean .
It means escaping from a planned economy and no longer using marxist theories .
Nowhere have the results been more striking than on the china coast the original laboratory for the country's experiment with capitalist type mechanisms a dozen years ago .
Today this area of china has the fastest growing economy on earth its successes and problems mirroring those of its capitalist neighbors taiwan and hong kong .
Freed from the marxist <unk> the provinces of eastern and southern china are now home to tens of billions of dollars of international investment .
They produce a huge proportion of the world's toys clothes shoes and other goods .
They host china's two stock markets which have been drawing funds from investors inside and outside the country and in a nation where overall economic growth this year is projected to be an astonishing twelve percent their citizens people like engineer zhang <unk> enjoy china's highest standard of living .
I have a t. v. a v. c. r. a stereo and a compact disc player .
We have a lot more money to spend .
Our quality of life is much better .
The economic boom has hardly been without problems .
In august hundreds of thousands of people <unk> over allegations of corruption in the distribution of applications to buy shares .
The riot was part of an epidemic of smuggling and corruption which has undermined attempts to <unk> a market style system .
That's not all .
There are peddlers openly selling made in taiwan pornographic video tapes .
There are regular round ups of the thousands of prostitutes offering their services to wealthy local chinese and visiting businessmen .
There are drug addicts and aids carriers .
Nonetheless earlier this year deng xiaoping emerged from the <unk> into which he retired shortly after the tiananmen square crackdown and made a highly publicized tour of southern china .
His message capitalism is okay .
His goal the fate of soviet communism very much on his mind to use capitalism to save the chinese communist party .
We will use many parts of the capitalist system .
There are lots of things that make sense to use and we will use them .
This is true socialism .
Whatever the label deng was taking a carefully calculated risk .
The chinese leaders are gambling that if they give the chinese citizens enough to eat and enough good living that they won't demand political freedom .
For now that gamble seems to be paying off .
People like <unk> bing are far too busy getting rich to worry about politics .
Mr. <unk> i just want to make money by taking advantage of government policies that are favorable to businessmen .
Making money that's my goal .
But in a nation where barely a decade ago revolutionary ideology was everything that attitude itself represents a profound change .
Economic reform is <unk> the way for the as a subversive assault against their efforts to maintain a single party ideological type of government .
This is the beijing skateboard club the first and only such organization in china composed of people for whom communist ideology is the last thing on their minds .
I sleep all morning .
Then i go out and skate .
My work is <unk> .
Many of beijing's <unk> gather at this shop where <unk> spend up to four hundred dollars u. s. on imported american <unk> and where the manager has but one thing on his mind .
We really dig those american professional <unk> .
This was not what the nineteen eighty nine democracy marchers had in mind when they used the term taking to the streets but even tiananmen square veterans agree these kinds of changes in attitudes and behavior are having a revolutionary impact .
Economic reforms result in rising living standards .
People will no longer be concerned with just eating better and dressing better .
It's inevitable they'll want democracy .
Already it is clear that economic liberalization has removed the communist party from day to day control over the lives of millions of ordinary chinese and with the boom along the china coast given the most reform oriented provinces an increasing amount of freedom to manage their affairs independent of the once <unk> central government in beijing .
You can't come to china and not see the process of political change already taking place .
For example you no longer have a central government that essentially has tight control over the country .
In typically chinese fashion even the most ardent reformers are reluctant to admit publicly that china for all practical purposes abandoning socialism but chairman mao's legacy is unquestionably being <unk> away .
It has not however entirely disappeared .
