The before and after is incredible .
It was a paradise prior to and now it's a <unk> upper .
Less than three weeks after hurricane andrew hurricane iniki again demonstrated to the united states the power of wind .
This time the storm's eye <unk> across the hawaiian island of <unk> .
About half the island's twenty one thousand homes and most of its tourist hotels were seriously damaged .
The storm stripped some of the island's <unk> vegetation including this tourist attraction once a tunnel of green .
Ordinary life was turned upside down .
I don't think the building is any good anymore but i was trying to help find my mom's personal things you know like pictures and some things that she treasured so .
Since friday's storm nothing .
No ice .
No ice no water no electricity .
It's been pretty bad but at least we got a roof over our head and everybody's alive .
The storm uprooted more than half of the island's utility poles and utility officials predicted months without electricity .
Thirty to sixty days is still optimistic .
Realistically for the full restoration of power we could be looking up to as much as four months .
But generators were soon running gasoline pumps for waiting cars and residents were receiving dry ice and fuel canisters .
Please cook this food eat it within the next twelve hours okay .
The <unk> store gave away food it couldn't refrigerate and making a phone call getting water even taking a shower became communal events .
Residents of neighboring islands soon began flying in food generators and diapers .
Money ain't buying anything here .
It's need .
Neighbors worked on one another's houses and shared food before it rotted .
Band together help each other out it's not like hey where's the government this and that you know .
Everybody just jump in really .
It's been like that neighborhoods all around the place they go .
Everybody says come on over baby he's got a lot of food .
But the government did rush in aid perhaps because of criticism that it had responded to slowly to hurricane andrew .
Supplies and troops began arriving even before communities asked for them .
The national guard and the carriers were in here like right now .
President bush announced that the federal government will take on a greater than usual share of the financial burden .
Military supply ships ferried equipment onto <unk> beaches and some military flights helped tourists get off the island .
Hundreds of tourists lined up at the airport looking for a way out .
At least in florida if you had a car you could drive out .
Here we have a car and there's nowhere to go .
Tourism is <unk> main attraction and getting hotels repaired and running will be the key to the island's long term recovery .
When people across the country say what can we send send your visitors send your tourists as soon as we're open because that will really help us and we have a wonderful island to share .
But this week tourist hotels were serving as luxurious but powerless emergency shelters .
In south florida the sense of emergency is easy .
Investigators including a state grand jury are searching for clues about whether wide spread building code violations contributed to hurricane andrew's damage .
Weather forecasters completed an initial report on the storm saying it was like a thirty mile wide tornado .
South dade country residents welcomed signs of the slow return to normal life such as the belated opening of schools on monday .
School was still an ordeal because extensive damage is forcing many school buildings to do double duty with classes for different schools stacked morning and afternoon .
The number one topic in almost all classrooms was andrew .
How many were awake through the whole thing .
The opening of schools was a signal for some military units to begin to withdraw from the area as emergency relief gives way to what promises to be a long slow climb to recovery .
For week in review i'm chuck roberts .
I'm bob <unk> .
Coming up in week in review the misery in somalia and what lies behind it .
The united nations this week began sending troops to somalia to guard food shipments for tens of thousands of starving people .
