American policy toward bosnia changed this week toward the position of our nato allies and away from advocating nato air power to bring the bosnian serbs to the peace table .
This leaves the serbs pretty much free to do as they will .
And with nato diplomats rewriting peace proposals that give the serbs concessions and the united nations threatening to remove its peace keepers it appears that the sovereign state of bosnia hercegovina is about to be dismantled .
The business of casting blame has already begun within nato though some within the alliance have always claimed nato had no reason to try to stop the war in bosnia .
There's no question whether the alliance has enough cohesion or credibility to face future threats .
Our own daniel schorr discussed this apparent bosnian end game and its implications for u. s. nato policy with republican senator john mccain of arizona and democratic congressman lee hamilton of indiana .
Let me ask you senator mccain first here we are after the ball was over that is after the great g. a. t. t. victory next morning faced once again with life on the outside world .
There is bosnia still there is u. n. there is nato and there is nato and russia and a host of other problems .
Senator mccain bosnia first do you approve of the way the clinton administration seems to be backing away from the use of force and trying to get back in step with european partners on bosnia .
Well i think that the battlefield situation has dictated that the options are extremely limited and it is important at this particular point that we join with the european allies as closely as possible to salvage what has obviously been a terrible tragedy and a continuing tragedy .
One of the lessons i believe that we've got to understand is that we can't have this relationship between the united nations which is an organization dedicated to peace and nato which is at best an organization which is dedicated to defense or war and have the united nations giving orders to nato as to the implementation of military operations .
It doesn't work and frankly it is certainly one of the great tactical failures of this overall very tragic scenario .
Lee hamilton .
I very much agree with senator mccain .
I think the realities in bosnia today are very stark the policy options very limited .
I certainly do not want to put u. s. combat forces into bosnia .
Whatever the solutions may be they're going to have to be worked out in the context of our allies and our friends .
I don't think as senator mccain said that the u. n. nato dual key arrangement has worked well at all but that is the structure we are we have proceeded under for some months even years now .
And i think we simply have to make the best of a good thing .
We have to continue to pursue a negotiated settlement .
We have to try to bring the killing to an end .
I think unprofor must remain in bosnia and see if we can bring this war to a conclusion .
Let me explain for those who don't know .
Unprofor is the united nations peacekeeping force in the former yugoslavia .
Go ahead senator .
We should and must realize that there is no doubt that it is in our vital national security interests that this conflict not spread in the region .
Two world wars have been spawned in the balkans .
If this war spilled over into macedonia it could trigger a war between greece and turkey .
Other nations such as hungary and bulgaria could be involved .
And i believe that one of the steps that must be taken immediately is for the president of the united states to make it clear that we and our nato allies cannot afford that and we will take whatever steps necessary in order to prevent the spread of this war .
I do think it's quite important now for the president to end the policy of ambiguity in the united states .
It is time now for a presidential speech about what is at stake for the united states in bosnia what resources we're prepared to deploy what resources we're not prepared to deploy what we really want to do here how we are going to protect the national interests of the united states .
One of those national interests most assuredly is what senator mccain has mentioned and that's to contain the conflict .
I think there is a great deal of confusion in the congress and in the country about american policy in bosnia and i think it's time now to clear that up .
And the only way i know to clear it up is with a presidential speech .
And do you think senator mccain that will do it a presidential speech and we'll all understand .
I agree with congressman hamilton in that that's a very important step .
In times of crises on foreign policy issues the american people look to the president of the united states and it's obvious that he not only needs to state what our policy is but also start taking some concrete steps .
On the issue of the expansion of nato and now the fact that russia seems to be reacting even the talking about one year for sending up criteria do you think that we've pushed too fast for expansion of nato to the former warsaw pact powers and now we're going to get in trouble with russia now .
Frankly i think we've gone too slow .
I think that one of our goals has always been to push a possible conflict with russian imperialism away from the planes of europe .
I believe that we should have some time ago set up a set of specific criteria .
Nations that would meet that criteria fairly easily would be poland czechoslovakia and hungary and i don't believe that the russians should view that as a threat .
In fact i think the opposite and it would give these countries a sense of comfort .
But more importantly it would help them in the respect that they would be able to spend much less of their hard earned funds on their own defense .
My own view is that we have to have a debate on whether or not to extend the security guarantees of nato in this country .
After all this is the most serious commitment that a nation makes that we will go to the defense of another nation .
That's what nato is all about collective security .
Now we have to think very carefully about whether we should extend those security guarantees to the countries of eastern europe maybe beyond ukraine the baltics even russia .
It seems to me a prior question to the question of enlargement is the question of really what is nato's role security role in the post cold war period and we need to get that very clearly in mind as we move to the question of enlargement of nato .
I'm afraid we're out of time .
Thank you congressman hamilton and thank you senator mccain .
I almost got you into a disagreement but i'm afraid that the this atmosphere of bipartisan harmony in these last days of the one hundred third congress prevail .
Let's see if it washes off into the next .
This is daniel schorr .
