The grounding of the a. t. r.s .
In this part of npr's all things considered .
On friday the f. a. a. banned flights by a. t. r. aircraft in potentially icy conditions .
Holiday travelers have been revising their plans ever since .
In california auditors will investigate the investment fund of orange county .
A private report calls the outlook for the county's investors highly uncertain .
And an exhibit of the works of african american artists who recall the difficulty they had in getting their work shown .
I was exhibiting at the gallery de paris and all the important galleries and then to come back to the states and to be ignored was pretty hard .
Now we have this news .
This is all things considered .
I'm robert siegel .
And i'm noah adams .
Commuter airplane travel ran fairly smoothly today despite last week's decision by the federal aviation administration to ground a. t. r. <unk> prop airplanes during icy conditions .
The f. a. a. order stems from an investigation of a fatal air crash in october and it led to numerous schedule delays .
One carrier decided to replace its a. t. r.s with different planes from other parts of the country .
Among those who operate and travel on a. t. r. planes there was a great deal of relief .
From chicago npr's cheryl devall reports .
After the f. a. a. announced its grounding order on friday one of the biggest domestic users of the a. t. r. american eagle canceled two hundred ninety flights to and from its midwestern hub at chicago's o'hare international airport .
But instead of waiting at american eagle gates travelers chose other ways to get to their destination says lisa howard a spokeswoman for the city of chicago's aviation department .
We didn't see any long lines over the weekend at the airport .
A couple of our rent car companies out here at the airport noticed a pick up in business in one way trips .
Which meant there were a few hundred more drivers even though safety experts suggest that in general it's less risky to fly .
Most other airlines are honoring american eagle tickets until thursday .
That's when the carrier plans to resume service at o'hare replacing the forty to sixty six seat a. t. r.s with smaller swedish built <unk> <unk> props .
The f. a. a. order delayed other airlines as well including <unk> express to and from saint louis and continental express operating out of newark .
Another american eagle hub in raleigh durham north carolina was the base of many of the <unk> aircraft american eagle is shifting north .
Because of the equipment transfer the airline plans to shutdown the regional hub by january affecting seven hundred seventy eight employees .
Mary francis fagen is a spokeswoman for american eagle .
It's a very big undertaking to realign your fleet if you will .
And in this case the a. t. r. aircraft that had been servicing chicago need to move south and other aircraft that do not face the same operational constraints need to move north .
So the decision was made to initially reduce the schedule at raleigh durham and take the airplanes that would have flown those near fifty flights and <unk> them elsewhere .
Airline representatives could not yet estimate the cost of complying with the f. a. a. order but it's likely to run into millions of dollars .
The f. a. a. enacted its temporary ban on foul weather a. t. r. flights after developments in the ongoing investigation of an october a. t. r. crash in indiana in which sixty eight people were killed .
Wind tunnel tests late last week indicated that a pilot could use control of the plane if ice forms on the wings .
The french italian company that makes the craft contends that the f. a. a. is over reacting .
But passenger lobby groups are asking why it took the agency so long to issue its order .
David stempler is executive director of the international airline passengers association .
They knew over a month ago that these airplanes had a very serious control problem in the ice yet they refused to ground the airplane until they found a specific cause of the problem .
So they put pilots and passengers and flight attendants at risk while the engineers worked and tried to figure it out .
Stempler says the association is relieved that the f. a. a. has enacted the ban .
So are union pilots who weeks ago urged the agency to adopt all the a. t. r. recommendations of the independent national transportation safety board including the grounding of cold weather a. t. r. flights .
John <unk> of the airline pilots association says the f. a. a.'s action demonstrates that the nation's air safety system is working as it should .
We think that the a. t. r. pilots will continue to exercise their command authority to avoid icing conditions which they had been doing all along anyway .
The additional guidance to pilots on operating the a. t. r. we think will provide adequate safety margins for that airplane and really the public shouldn't have any lingering doubts now over the safety of this airplane .
The travelling public should however expect lingering delays .
American eagle says its full schedule may not resume until january .
And the f. a. a.'s ruling has prompted widespread <unk> of flight schedules throughout the united states says the american society of travel agents .
The agents and the airlines offered this advice for holiday travelers be patient be flexible and don't be surprised if you're booked onto another craft or even another airline than the one you planned to fly .
