In cuban terms <unk> lorenzo was privileged .
Cuba didn't send just anyone to study in the soviet union only the best and the brightest .
And only the most trusted got to <unk> themselves into the mig twenty threes of the cuban air force .
Last year major lorenzo pointed his mig toward florida .
His eighteen minute flight went undetected by cuban or american radars but it had a big impact on lorenzo's wife vicky and their two sons .
They were left behind .
Since his defection lorenzo has been traveling the world over trying to obtain their release .
Major lorenzo joins us now in atlanta and we must note that we asked the cuban interest section in washington to send a representative to join us but third secretary ariel ricardo refused saying you may consider lorenzo a <unk> we consider him a traitor .
Good morning major .
Good morning .
You lived a good life in cuba .
Why did you defect .
The cuban government says that i am a traitor .
And i ask millions and millions of my countrymen who were raised like me like an idealist who were <unk> to believe in castro to believe in communism .
When i was ten years old i said to everybody there at the school looking at the national flag be <unk> for communism we will be like <unk> <unk> .
Now after <unk> we have the possibility to receive information to know the truth about the history of communism .
We knew for example that stalin had killed more than fifty million people in the soviet union .
I knew for example what is going on inside cuba how our government is killing its political prisoners .
But you have paid a dear price for this and i know you've probably asked yourself this many many times .
You left your wife and your children behind .
Was it worth it .
Right .
It was the most difficult decision i have ever had to make in my life leaving behind me my wife my children .
I couldn't imagine that the cuban government could keep them as hostages like it's doing now in cuba .
So we hope that just with the pressure of public opinion we can get my family out of cuba .
What is their status now in cuba since you've left .
They have been granted visas by american authorities a year ago but after fruitless attempts my wife was summoned to the office of the cuban minister of defense <unk> .
Castro where she was informed that they could never let her or the children leave cuba that my children will never see their father .
My children of course cannot laugh anymore like children do .
They cannot play anymore like children do .
Just god can know how much pain their small hearts stand now .
We had a report on this show several days ago from a correspondent named david smith who indicated in his report that it seems that many people are quite content under castro in cuba and under communism and that much of their resentment is more towards the united states because of the embargo .
Is it possible that with issues like health care infant mortality education better under communism in that country than comparatively speaking in other countries that the communist system is working in cuba .
I don't think so .
The communism was an excuse to oppress our people in cuba to keep a dictatorship in our country .
Everybody else understands that fact now in cuba .
So castro uses excuse of imperialism like the united states to develop a big repression inside the country .
Now the new man who wants to place by castro is thinking about the party is thinking about the history is thinking about what he is seeing now and the people are not supporting castro .
But i don't believe that the embargo will put the finish to castro's regime .
I think the cuban people need information .
I think a lot of people in cuba were <unk> they were supporting castro .
They have to know the truth .
Castro has the control of all the information made public in cuba .
He does though have you must admit enormous appeal in cuba among cubans .
Right .
Okay .
I'm curious to know how strong the opposition is to castro in cuba .
The opposition is basically in feeling it is not very strong .
But most of the cuban people don't know about the opposition that there is exists opposition inside cuba because the opposition doesn't have the right to go to the media to talk to the people doesn't have registration and television or newspaper .
So of course people cannot know what is going on inside their own country .
Are you communicating at all with people inside of cuba other than your family .
Number .
I'm communicating just with my family .
I'm not to see them .
So i just want to live like a father like a husband to raise my children .
I'm going around the world looking for support to get my family out of cuba .
So a lot of people wonderful people are helping us like mrs. coretta scott king who wrote a letter to fidel castro asking for my family's release .
Now the foundation which is in washington is helping us to get my family out of cuba .
It is orchestrating a campaign an international campaign explaining to everybody in the world what is going on with my family .
What people can do to help us get my family out of cuba .
Just write letters .
For example a thousand of these cards were placed by the foundation in several languages for this writing .
Please allow the lorenzo family to leave cuba .
That card you can send to fidel castro president fidel castro and to your congressmen asking to intervene before the cuban government to get my family out of cuba for the release of my family .
All right .
Major <unk> lorenzo thanks very much for joining us today .
