Italy's health minister today called for laws to curb artificial pregnancies following news that a black woman has given birth to a white test tube baby in rome .
It is just the latest item in what has been a busy and fascinating week in the baby business .
C. n. n.'s martin hill takes a look .
Christmas at the <unk> house near <unk> england means more than opening presents .
For the second year in a row donna <unk> gave birth on the holiday .
Adam was born last year in a hospital .
This year thomas made an unscheduled appearance and was born on the living room floor .
I knew it would be a christmas day baby .
I had the feeling all along .
The <unk> promise next christmas will be different .
In london on christmas day a fifty nine year old woman gave birth to twins after being artificially impregnated at a clinic in rome .
Now her doctor has arranged the pregnancy of a sixty two year old italian woman .
As some law makers push for legislation limiting the procedures europeans are debating the ethical questions .
With the speed of development particularly of genetic technology and reproductive technology the doctors and society need to agree a set of principles against which we can judge the individual case .
What matters is the individual .
The assessment the judgment of the individual's capability and i would not want to rule anybody out on the grounds of age .
Tuesday the sign said it all a boy for the <unk> of johnson city tennessee .
At a whopping thirteen pounds three ounces it was not an easy delivery .
I had a couple of the nurses sitting on top of me on my ribs and pushing him out and the other doctors you know pulling .
And i told my daddy he had a couple of pull trucks trying to yank him out .
Wednesday in chicago <unk> <unk> birth muted debate over whether his other could be ordered to undergo a <unk> delivery before term .
She refused on religious grounds despite being told the baby would die or be brain damaged otherwise .
So far <unk> appears normal .
But doctors say it will be six months before they're sure .
We believed god would have delivered us a healthy baby through a normal delivery .
And in scotland what brian hughes calls a christmas miracle the world's most premature surviving twins are apparently out of danger after being born four months early .
Overjoyed can't believe it .
It's fantastic and it's just you know if some could have said sixteen weeks ago we'd be in this position is marvelous .
The hughes family is looking forward to taking amy and emma home in early nineteen ninety four .
