Federal marshals are stationed at a number of abortion clinics across the country following the shooting deaths of a doctor and his escort in pensacola florida last week .
Groups on both sides of the issue have denounced the murders .
But the shootings have increased tensions in an already intense debate .
A movement known as common ground has been attempting to get both sides of the abortion debate to sit down and find issues they can agree on .
They say talking to one another is the only way to stop the violence .
But there are concerns within the group about what impact the murders will have on their efforts to continue a peaceful dialogue .
From saint louis npr's kathy lohr has this report .
People in common ground agree to disagree over the issue of abortion .
Then they search for common goals that they can work on together like reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies .
Over the past couple of years common ground groups have sprung up in half a dozen cities including buffalo cleveland cincinnati and denver .
A national office was established in washington d. c. last january a kind of clearing house for people who want to try this approach .
But efforts to bring together those who've become bitter enemies are still fragile .
And some are wondering whether the violence will set the movement back .
The first common ground group began in saint louis about five years ago .
Loretta wagner is a long time anti abortion activist who helped get the effort going .
There has been a lot of cynicism and suspicion on both sides of this issue regarding common ground .
Unfortunately that is the biggest obstacle i think that we have to overcome .
And i'm afraid that this type of activity can given ammunition to people to say well look we've always told you it was this way .
Why do you trust those people or it isn't going to work .
Loretta wagner hopes people will be able to move beyond their anger over last week's murder of a doctor and his volunteer escort and realize that the common ground movement may be the only way to reverse the hostility and the violent atmosphere that now exists .
One of the things that common ground serves to do i think is tone down the rhetoric not changing anybody's opinion on the central issue of abortion but just being able to work together in those areas where it could make a difference .
Anti abortion and abortion rights advocates in missouri agree on reducing the total number of abortions .
A couple of years ago the group helped pass legislation creating a treatment program for women addicted to crack cocaine and another measure expanding a school breakfast program for poor children .
Now they're working to develop a state welfare reform measure .
People who've already established common ground groups are committed to continue working together .
But there is concern that after the violence many who never accepted the idea or others just getting involved may be put off .
The recent incident in pensacola is very serious and poses a challenge to both sides of this issue .
B. j. <unk> jones runs reproductive health services a saint louis clinic where abortions are performed .
She's also one of the pioneers in the common ground movement .
We're just a couple of days after the pensacola event .
We're grieving .
Those of us providers are frightened .
We need some time to do some healing before i need some time to do some healing before i can get excited about much of anything right now .
This week <unk> jones' priority is the safety of her own staff .
But there will be no <unk> in her efforts to further common ground and encourage others to join .
In fact three new groups are forming .
The murders in pensacola caused people in dallas texas to take some quick action .
Up until now the dallas group had only held a couple of meetings to get acquainted .
Since the murders anti abortion activist john <unk> says the people decided to move up their time table and meet later this week .
At that time we are going to put together a mission statement where we can find out exactly how we want to grow and in which direction initially .
And the shooting did have a lot to galvanize us to go forward and move forward very quickly .
The people in the common ground movement say two decades of protests have done little to further the objectives of either side of the abortion issue .
They're tired of the controversy the bitterness and the violence .
They hope the latest murders will encourage others to search for peaceful solutions and perhaps their own common group .
