I'm lou waters at c. n. n. center .
Very fluid today in the baseball strike a second deadline extended from yesterday's five o'clock p. m. deadline to three o'clock p. m. this afternoon but apparently something more is happening over at the white house .
That's where wolf blitzer joins us now to bring us up to date .
Well lou the white house press secretary mike mccurry just told reporters that president clinton has invited representatives of the baseball players and owners here to the white house to meet with him and other white house aides in the roosevelt room at the white house at six o'clock p. m. .
Eastern time that's about a little bit less than forty five minutes from now .
They will be coming over after the federal mediator mr. william <unk> failed to bridge the gap earlier today .
He put forward <unk> a proposal to try to resolve this six month strike .
The owners and players did not accept it .
We are told by mike mccurry that the president is now exasperated that there has not been any progress in these negotiations yesterday or today. the president is expected to issue what in effect will be an ultimatum to the owners and to the players that if they do not accept mr. <unk> recommended solution he will then go forward and call for some sort of binding arbitration .
The president clearly very irritated that these negotiations so far have failed .
Once again we're standing by .
The owners and the players will be coming over here shortly to meet with the president with mr. <unk> and other officials to see if there's one last ditch effort to try to resolve this strike .
Wolf blitzer c. n. n. reporting live from the white house .
Wolf the president essentially issued an ultimatum in setting this monday deadline asking the players and owners to settle or else .
They essentially ignored that .
Now is this an attempt to do the same thing only face to face .
Well clearly the players and the owners are not in any mood to resolve their differences right now and the president feels that there is probably not much else left to do .
We have been told by senior administration officials throughout the day that the president was clearly moving towards he was inclined to move towards what he regards as his last card namely calling for binding arbitration .
We should know more of course once the owners and players hear from the president .
Again six o'clock p. m. .
Eastern within the hour they'll be coming over here for this last ditch effort .
If there's no solution then we presumably will be hearing directly from the president himself .
We understand that the president also is irked that bob dole and newt gingrich were issuing comments from their posts on both sides of capitol hill before mr. <unk> had concluded his talks with the players and owners .
That's correct .
The white house press secretary mike mccurry was suggesting that dole and gingrich were <unk> pulling the rug out from under mr. <unk> at this delicate moment this eleventh hour effort that they were suggesting that congress should not get directly involved in this dispute between the owners and the players .
That's not what the white house wanted .
They wanted as much pressure as possible .
The president can use public opinion to call for binding arbitration .
He has no authority to do so .
Only congress could force binding arbitration .
All right .
Wolf blitzer keeping watch at the white house .
We'll take a break .
