It's all things considered .
I'm linda wertheimer .
And i'm noah adams .
Zaire's regular army troops took control of two key military bases in the capital of kinshasa today and turned back lead forces loyal to president mobutu <unk> <unk> .
The rebellion which began with rioting last week appears to be the most serious threat to <unk> thirty two year rule .
Today's fighting comes after france belgium and the united states issued a joint declaration yesterday in brussels calling for mobutu to step down .
Npr's sunni khalid reports on u. s. reaction to events in the central african nation .
Time may finally be running out on the long reign of zaire's embattled president mobutu <unk> <unk> .
As many as one thousand people reportedly died in week long bloodshed in zaire's capital of kinshasa this week where <unk> troops have apparently gained the upper hand .
They've been battling <unk> special presidential division known in zaire as the d. s. p. recruited from <unk> own ethnic group and paid directly by him the d. s. p. has kept mobutu in power .
But this week the presidential guard has been unable to contain regular troops who <unk> this week after paid with worthless money printed by mobutu .
Steve weissman a former staff director of the house africa sub committee says the apparent d. s. p. setbacks threaten <unk> survival .
The army itself has very little power except for the d. s. p. .
The d. s. p. has been the most effective group of forces .
It's been the supporter of <unk> power and if the d. s. p. is fading then mobutu is fading .
Two years ago mobutu was pressured by his main foreign donors the united states belgium and france to allow the formation of opposition parties and those parties have formed a transitional government led by <unk> <unk> .
But mobutu has thwarted their attempts to take control of the armed forces and the economy .
Once regarded as an ally during the cold war western powers helped mobutu seize power twice in military coups but the zairean leader's dictatorial rule has gradually forced them to withdraw economic political and military support .
Michael <unk> a scholar on zaire with the university of wisconsin at madison says the formal western abandonment from mobutu is significant .
It's those states which have been responsible in large measure for keeping him in power over the last ten or twelve years the united states belgium and france have effectively told mobutu that the game is over that it's time that he think about departing from the political scene .
That really has not happened before .
There has been a great deal of discontent but the voices publicly have been muted .
This time they are not muted .
<unk> opponents repeated calls this week for a foreign military intervention to overthrow him but that appears unlikely .
However <unk> former western supporters may have a more powerful threat control over the zairean leader's considerable wealth .
Mobutu owns several large foreign <unk> and has <unk> billions of dollars in foreign banks .
If mobutu does not agree to step aside his former western bankers are considering placing a freeze on his assets and expelling zairean ambassadors .
Some analysts like robert cummings former chairman of the department of african studies at howard university in washington say zaire may become another liberia if mobutu ignores calls to give up power .
The question for me though is whether or not he sees that pressure as imminently as we want to see it from this side .
I remember the case of sam do over in liberia who was at a similar place in his own historical liberian period and too he failed to see the writing on the wall so much so that he would lose his life in the liberian case and i'm hoping that does not have to happen with mobutu .
Meanwhile mobutu has so far remained far away from the turmoil .
For more than two years he's lived on a yacht sailing up and down the zaire river or at a presidential palace more than seven hundred miles from the capital where he rarely sets foot .
