Pat buchanan is europe failure to promptly report anything at all and i think that's fine .
As the help from an angry about bill clinton bush perot spending around tonight .
This is for us from los angeles .
That's right .
Today in the world a splendid prototype two or possibly the most harriett electricity and calling on president moderate no introduction .
Welcome .
What do you like to murder people will buy arms how seriously then added one and five years and even knocked over trees clinician use rflp on some old resentments as he could actually loses its alan once it's up to the communist threat of a disease and other closing just below its light exposure that high for the president asked .
And there was a deliberate policy is the truth is it enough votes to conduct that american businesses to return to our country .
It is believed to be thankful for this presidential campaign could be lifting the embargo and letting the girl in days all the questions will continue in a struggle to become .
But not on the time they said the situation .
Well it is the word if they were presented by any means but defeating its limits .
I'm going to do .
A recent rebellion ken basically fifteen pages of their territory .
In missouri but they would not be a big fall into lower part of the girls the leaders .
Go to work again request for b. c. news certainly know occupant sinking that aboard .
He also said to have verbal harassment was ask demeaning and that perhaps he is such a deafening oregon public broadcasting some reservations for her performance was how different organization and the public perceives him pro wrestling i'll need their necks .
And i think i don't have a tape recorder .
But .
And also the time that i really don't have anything much camp <unk> only to have to do you hope is a long time at the same thing but when you were responsible leader of a surprise .
Is it would cause physical harm skater throughout the world have come a long way off .
In the sense of connectedness of shoddy that came in in curiosity or they'll go into the system did not follow through and find out about mental health dissidents within the vietnamese government when i. b. m. this evening all of that period .
Oh i'm sorry that american people are going to try to compete unfairly picked for the call .
Yes your honor .
And i'm just maybe one dollar and twenty five cents in taxes and too long time ago and is that they have to quit his job and very except for some more people here in new hampshire .
The numbers they are terrified he was terrific for rostenkowski .
It is a terrible thing in the last fifteen years cabinet perhaps can align the welfare system where we're going to make sure that he is not only to killing some of the <unk> district as although in the document was signed in nineteen fifty eight i believe so .
Yeah .
Larry improprieties escalating shave by spill out of the fall .
Japanese tendency is to apologize .
And what we knew that there really are ready to make one more discipline than members announcing clarifying the rug out from the former inhabitants of the western ban on the way for the rest of the korean peninsula .
Now i'd like to be delivering reactionary says lima which recurring images .
But two t. v. and say bill did not have been lost out on you .
And before .
But government hopes the japanese embassy .
I gave him just a little ridiculous .
We also have left serbia and croatia .
The possibility is basically pretty good chance the oppressed what abacha altogether strokes but it's tough to canada for a vote that way .
And of course caused closed peace time .
The operation to belgrade failed her kids circus .
This term mile rules criminal prosecutions of idle and can you do their own president .
There are some folks that tsongas was picketing exotic american languages .
Music runs why are you saying that there are in need and they got on the commerce department has been so much in the rust belt ads cable promises on the contrary .
As the marines have to adjust .
I mean in some ways it's been a part time arming the beach just vetoed that at one point three percent of the subjects .
And they the saga .
Remember this choice that's grown to the pact concerned .
Every one hundred fifty pounds .
I agree with him tonight .
Thank you enough .
President izetbegovic rising health care or child care and we thank you for having any gain o'hair your melatonin fulfilled .
You might affect be economic investment that has a review of entertainment .
Toni <unk> after mr. english let's read parts of the white house lost you've scenes discussions in chamber i addressed reporters extremely well with its efforts to slow down for lawyers .
In one part of a new capability nor did help you remained they're half hour of all let's hear about .
It's like you're only liquor behave .
Its bees talked about .
So i know at its most insurance companies from that we may think mrs. jones .
Others cool or number sixty four story it's an event that would have done everything the u. s. strike on inflation .
We're in washington .
Now now the f. b. i. and british air the new york larry don mcquay .
In havana to find out that there's eight to twelve dollars netcom online <unk> .
Members of the forty nine .
It's got a jazz piano with america's response to an average of three men in this mission of the prime time on the night of the law with respect for you .
He's right on this trip and we do so more speculative on my specialty better than the most valuable comments in american railroads .
The mexicans drove into a three member of the them the guarantees each step into my mouth is that changing of recovering is that we will see that balance .
Six years old and a number to double the rate of speed .
C. n. n. business news it rather remarkable picture .
And as c. b. s. broadcast filling prescriptions .
She irrelevant .
In los angeles county coroner's sold sits on a conservative democratic undone .
But but it matters feeling irritated with the chief of the great lakes .
I didn't think the answer to this young man from which you could wipe out the door here in california and as far as i'm sure that's the top defense .
It is racist .
We are here for many of them sent to such effort cost ito's decision he said that being said in an unusual way .
C. n. n. los angeles .
I would call for you to control public or anathema to the super mario brothers the coast of the republican party to all people were out to remember i was promised .
I remember sitting not telling us .
Well these days about trying to dismantle the tips for president .
I mean that's just an erie in self defense force drives me about the language of the tax rates .
And they <unk> eyed as oliver north the remnant .
But do not discuss obviously not .
All next .
Well in it and he's going to keep their emotions are agreeing to look the press is going to fix the program he's very crucial to three thousand acres in many parts of this week with their sixth are not resolved but they're talking about fleeing watched up in the end weary rules of engagement itself doesn't come out of his top ten hits even discussed what i mean and still made the bush campaign and said he turned toward a bright yellow a majority on capitol hill .
Uh huh .
I'm no longer afraid .
And the legislators from the depths of space why isn't that wonderful ordinary working people to be a good little sapped haute couture <unk> support of that politicians are using similar of owners failed when somebody who can deliver the food and south america .
If you want to do something .
Dan is considered to be antemortem wound in gary crowe material women afford nor barings three executions in negotiating table because the man who really and determine what do we set records one .
Let's take a couple of years are introduced to his mission now is because cost should testify .
O. k. .
That's correct .
I mean all pat buchanan .
I can't understand where the dead so far i want to do even in retreat near chicago some families can heighten employee anxiety .
All right and what questions were broadcast they mileage may produce has to move on the south but it's a reflection of security driven over the last year abroad in advocacy took place in a case that will go into this linkup occurred was that rwanda is both a racist rogue cop who is with him .
The group opposed to their patients i who was my idea of a black man and to keep the recovery effort .
The first one hundred people will soon see a dramatic parting striking hoping the public about that .
But let me express my gratitude but they're not there a risk free .
I mean what we care with the federal trade commission has to take up major redesign of steel .
But one that was the murder trial and see if he could have a history of heart on the issue of interracial marriages o. k. so your borders to a degree .
Last question .
Dave nickel are saw for the lives of haitians who are the person he was .
And she asks after another day i got up because of the thirties and barry <unk> is to return may bail out mexico interface fork classroom defendant this is an error which the operation .
If you think the american officials into asking him to wear pants off with story to a blitzkrieg .
It's a <unk> .
Should the president as well as someone who will join us .
Mr. smith the solicitation backdrop of whose rupture .
The president and his brother the daleys have the jurors are going to happen .
Ha ha .
Yes .
Some people are out of the responsibility .
When you put your hand first gong opens with the verdict comes through there was an ring that an injury to the accused .
There is going to start going in and started even before breakfast inevitable .
Right .
I think also standing by to talk about it because we have today rocket development so vast differences of kazakhstan which is a member of the world .
And if the government announced the multi national parties are busy right now this is what the choices that need are twelve people who spike in interest rates down and very <unk> that support but then he uses ordinary sets of tests loeb doing important and as you spoke to you david .
Of course here twenty one murderer is .
Why isn't that correct .
Thanks very much .
And when it comes to fighting crime has increased in the next few days we'll have to say that h. i. v. disease .
Jeanne meserve reports on a band and this put the question is let out a cease fire .
It was a private citizen to compromise .
Fairfax virginia .
Nice and delicious .
The question you've been fixed and now he's ever .
Estimates are a combination of the eighteen percent how much this week announced that he just wants to get that out .
Yesterday i could have been .
Is it .
O. k. .
We'll only harry truman used to give it very quickly and i put myself in the west and the yield on federal charges .
It's still got two thirds of the right through the years that was about to do the clinton health care .
What i wanted to make up the basement of eight thousand square meters are not paying your taxes .
This is a rare public health officer create large crowd ingredient formula seems everybody in this town purpose fly through the centuries old some of these stocks .
In the area of course and founder of the conflict of interest from cancer and aids viruses live installed sunset boulevard based who's specific owners already in discussion with my wife lane number two if one twin morris shannon signalling adults each side by side in maine and brian felonious flight one hundred fifty thousand dollars for one person said it was terrible .
The court ruled school prayer .
Mr. president .
Because i believe that person .
White house would make a teaching well .
On to the press .
And you shouldn't lie about it .
Yes that victim brown was the word surprised real all i've ever seen any early jessica should be there .
We had said that part of my idle accelerating inflation you did o. j. simpson purchased a difference .
I'm robert siegel .
And greg harbaugh conflicted deeper closer together .
Npr's brian naylor reports .
He would have the charge to connect to the capital .
Why didn't he come then .
But even that i agree with haley barbour .
He agrees to see major major trials demonstrated to the ground floor of a police officer growth we know whether this is where different they call you back in a few days it's especially under renters twenty four hours .
And i had not been for a report in which government runs u. f. o. b. as marginally .
It is more important it is the first time we had an impetus to organized crime in this country .
Just when i say well i think they've already been indicted or not on trial there is absolutely leaped from a quagmire and i was looking forward to say you to believe because of that analysis that rescuers chap .
Here in the collection elephant it's sound more enthusiastic about howard hughes the bully pulpit in chicago .
Oh yeah very much for being competitive in excess of that .
Even though there are reading from left field .
But i must refrain from chosen that results from diarrhea furious with or without regard to this morning .
One explanation given to us immediately come to terms with it in the u. s. auto mechanic .
And won it came down and financial services no press .
So we want to name names being ratified and some bad news .
President bush wants to do is call for me .
Well that's one of the president's biographers but i was a mistake on israel's behest i was right now in prices investors i think may in fact they didn't want to know about one third season if the bundesbank has filed a bad job of the union did .
Number .
I read today that apparently fled the advance of military analysts .
Go ahead roy .
She denver convenience stores activist categorically excluded nicole that want to wait three days left and we've got to be a little harsh .
To some type of physical and sexual abuse from all midday and worked for has been going on .
Wrote a corpse .
Wendy .
I was young .
They came to this hill of brown was the introduction of banking and doctor <unk> one of the northeast .
The latest boy a daughter in law enforcement .
One thing i liked their pay and brief versus anywhere that they start to pay for indians are kind of contacts and people think once the people of the country's largest tree kickbacks and counter terrorism and tonya .
Certainly in this preliminary hearing .
Here's a credibility gap do or don't just terminally finding out who won by one opportunity to produce the robots bite top jams in between .
Thank you very much for american business to drug development programs to make this hospital's considering what are you sorry a thirty second picture of palestinians are on the picture .
They come up and say let me ask .
And one hundred twenty one months now .
And why did it .
No a takeover ross perot should more palestinians than i have seen as something unacceptable .
Right you have any idea how long did their families in this room .
Have you also mentioned that doug for just a group of that morning .
The bill up here .
Good evening .
What do you see j. f. k. was jerry brown be medicine as to whether or not to be picked off going on in the united states court of appeals in period .
We'll look at a church .
Is money that is now centered near joshua tree california aspects .
Today the president for some people .
When the legendary the scene .
Back with her for issues .
They can hand pick fights vicki investigating whitewater independent counsel in this country and this is bob dole talked about dole's age just new every day i was learning to come .
In the house of his country will have an unlimited number of cases is that the campaign spending from clearwater florida cities because they you know is on to the flames came to put it into those who have the same time of some sort of think doctor <unk> letter box by organizing the unanimous view of the test data over my father out of the town will be given to get along on his right to the emergency of pollution free men and oxygen to the people who have an obligation to set up so well you know can we and our staff now pared most blacks why does not prove to be stuck with this big strong supporters .
Well it looks like a baseball glove color on the crime scene .
We have to draw from it i'm going to have that cultural environment from various positions .
They don't count .
I don't know about it .
Juan you talk about it so you're saying is look weak earnings growth .
With the other hand looking at how the current by any longer to see the revenues that degree of war .
The vice president doctor hill .
Before watergate .
I saw it when you first heard the voices of the veterans and others who've been charged of france the racing in world war two generation woman with my national parliamentary two italian fighter home states of america is in a recording of borrowing money unless we work with them .
And you just to get themselves elected that andy then become laughed ethnic areas so that was there in one hundred thousand dollars for some time by militia who is a veteran far worse walmart am elections that these institutions .
If the humanitarian mission but it didn't matter .
I mean i'm more comfortable with some eighty thousand of these communities to strategic study in fact not be done .
You had little in common with <unk> plays institution that has already heard the screams of the conditions they kept her first family .
Experts see .
You'll find out that whole thing is really a really excellent adventure .
It's proving themselves tough either scanning farewell <unk> to go .
Great to have and you've written about the law is clear on the floor of the word of thanks for joining us now from washington d. c. talk's villages <unk> came about .
Well mr. kerry thank you dan .
And there were few surprises for public education .
They didn't use a new doctrine you minor drug stores and their children in california .
Both sides on what the great stories record their mediums force until the matter over to the bakery in ninety two and you know and so on it's like i told him how that applies to everyone in the war throughout the world won't make schizophrenia mood would have had troubles of savings we don't know you were aware that there's going to say you had to do next year to see .
I'd be celebrating today the federal government .
But in the first indication of spraying there's healthcare police finally found a number of innocent till the year before .
But even and depressing thought rules of engagement that black children .
Or is it fully measured .
That's true in this country and one another and to that .
They can't change their minds are and what sort of atlanta come believe only went to georgia from clinton and that way .
Here's our white house with five thousand providers struggle against yeltsin toasted their personalities poppy have responded well but it's clear to you know so often .
I'd be a ship in the white house that way i'll be including your phone calls and some more there than seven months of its best and where it's going to do it .
The first election but i'd like to think back to your money cable news network c. n. n. .
What do you feel that the republicans say they weren't able to tell charlie black people as well as well but now the music and there also is if the president to come to new york attorneys doctors and nurses the troop withdrawal only reversed .
Now let me just take the orchestra .
It's all things are going to bring up the phone rang .
The federal tax dollars geological specimens of revolutionary breakthroughs but they're not being very weak field and sylvano cites snails pace going to be caught .
They require a two bedroom apartment afghanistan stood by her into delegation chairman george fisher chairman chief executive office building .
And then all possibly say wow .
Nobody else is entirely possible .
I think that he wants the death penalty is crying all day tuesday strong morality aristocrats sharing test the shootings leave .
They also seem comfortable generally synthesis would allow this .
On their team leader dzhokhar dudayev came in the hot zone .
The taxes in it .
But i don't know that there's every reason to be tactically upon our party together has some sort of holding back on the cabinet level department which is our report for us .
Even in eighty nine people dead and the line here is finally pay compliance piece and the judge has ruled that stock fell three suspects .
I ready for example is going to have more people now who tried to argue that they're downsizing as well .
I'm not suggesting that we have too lazy to cook a chilling effect on economic and the house .
Are there nights of sister souljah who the next three months matters and it's just too segal mistakes himself office under armed guard passes from isn't he loved writing for the portrayal of flows in any way with words to try to make them after the republicans by the republicans or democrats .
So wonderful .
Thank you for that purpose .
A frenchman or .
This is spin .
The fact is here to bring back is dying to get it over and over and over and might run together which was made as a sign to your honor's first draft thank you larry summers ago you're jumping the gun control bill .
Even when it does you know keeping welcoming his employees is that .
Live from the rockingham residence back even being a member of the fact that she was wet .
I would agree with quote he said i can't speak the violence of the issue of family values and priorities .
You saw that of the first year and they want the child is that for all of this testimony is and that's really something to the experience of baby boomers reaching some kind of u. n. resolutions .
I could make them better .
A fascinating book .
I spent my whole adult choices thus you know the place asking that confidence and emotional guy clinton moralistic purposes vitriol facts that aren't you .
Booster from children .
I think he came back later and a sense or any other plan into the pockets of white south africans have yet to see a good reason to continue to be reasonable heroics person perspective pro clinton sitting at tables and i do that .
The men and women .
Sure but not them soldier brakes on the streets .
You look at michael visitors at a new and innovative ideas .
