In the markets of southeast asia shopkeepers are selling more than fruits and vegetables .
It turns out endangered species from the <unk> are also making their way there .
C. n. n.'s david mattingly reports .
From the smog laden skyline of bangkok to the <unk> villages of vietnam in southeast asia governments may make the laws but in the streets it's supply and demand that rule the day .
At this market in ho chi minh city we found endangered animals for sale available at surprisingly affordable prices .
How much .
Fifty five dollars .
What is southeast asia losing .
They're losing their heritage basically .
It's their natural heritage .
For several months ian baird of the earth island institute investigated the wildlife trade throughout thailand cambodia and vietnam .
He captured painful scenes like this with his video camera .
This animal is obviously in agony .
Yeah tell me about it .
What's going to happen to this bear .
Probably it will get the bile sucked out of it in a tube and the gall bladder taken out for somebody to eat and it will eventually die in a couple of days .
In thailand there are laws to protect endangered species but using a hidden camera baird was able to show me how often the law is ignored and how easy it is to break .
Can you ask him if he has any tiger .
That's a bear gall bladder .
This guy is very suspicious .
He doesn't want to talk to us .
Aren't these illegal .
The police don't come and catch you .
This woman was selling tiger teeth she says came across the border from burma .
This man was selling chunks of dried elephant skin .
Isn't this illegal .
He says it's not illegal .
Why is this legal .
I thought all elephant was illegal .
They're asking why you want to know .
Why do you want to know .
We reported our findings to mr. <unk> ling <unk> the head of the royal forestry department the agency charged with protecting wildlife .
This government trophy room is filled with confiscated items like african ivory and tiger skins but neither mr. <unk> nor his staff could tell me the last time any seizures or arrests were made .
What if i told you that we went through the streets of bangkok we found gall bladders from bears we found tiger teeth we found tiger claws all open for sale .
These people i mean our officers will go and arrest them right away .
What does this say about the thai law .
It says that it's there on paper but it's not being enforced and that it needs to be enforced more <unk> .
Well people like in this shop where we just walked in obviously are not taking the law seriously if he's selling elephant skin .
That's right .
That's right and now although he's a little worried .
He's now just taking it out of his window .
What happened to the skin .
What happened to the skin .
He's put it away .
Why did he put it away .
Did we say something wrong .
He's afraid the police will come and get him .
I thought he said he's not breaking the law .
Well obviously he doesn't think that now .
