What is up with the two hottest actresses in hollywood .
For the answer to that and other showbiz questions here's the insider columnist of people magazine mitchell fink .
Mitchell what's up .
Thanks lauren .
All right .
Well now that julia roberts is married and working again after a self imposed two year hiatus you'd think people like me would leave her alone already and let her get on with her life .
But no .
Julia is so popular that every move of hers is a potential news story .
For example on the day on the set of the pelican brief the other day julia said she had a stomach ache and suddenly word began filtering around the set that julia was pregnant which is not such an <unk> thought considering her recent shotgun like marriage to singer lyle <unk> .
Sorry folks all the lady had was a stomach ache and not morning sickness .
Now you probably heard that on july thirtieth ed mcmahon will appear on the tonight show with jay leno marking <unk> first visit to his old show since stepping down with johnny carson fourteen months ago .
If you recall there was a lot of bad blood between mcmahon and the tonight show in the weeks following carson's departure culminating in big ed's much talked appearance with <unk> late night rival arsenio hall .
So why is mcmahon coming back now .
Two reasons .
Number one the source of <unk> displeasure <unk> original executive producer helen <unk> is gone and number two on july thirty first ed begins a los angeles to orlando bus trip to look for talent for his star search show .
What better place to promote that than the tonight show .
How <unk> has hollywood become .
Consider this .
Actor steven seagal is suing spy magazine for slander .
Handling the case for seagal is the lawyer who represented both tom selleck and doris day in their separate suits against the tabloids .
Not to be <unk> spy has just turned around and counter sued seagal and his lawyer .
And finally in the romance department las vegas isn't taking odds on it yet but i say that sharon stone is getting ready to dump her fiance producer bill mcdonald .
Sharon stone says she's not .
Which one of us is right .
Well i'm mitchell fink and what sharon stone says publicly is not what she tells her friends who tell me .
And what did her friends tell you .
She's getting ready to unload them that's what they say .
So why would she publicly stand by the fact that she's not dumping him .
Because she hasn't done it yet .
I think that you know these people like to choose their own time .
Wouldn't you .
I don't want to get involved in what i would do or wouldn't do .
Just give us a little background on it's a very messy romance .
The movie was sliver and sharon stone started going out with a married man bill mcdonald who was married for fifteen months and naomi her name is naomi she turned around after sharon stone announced her engagement to her husband she turned around and started seeing joe <unk> the screenwriter of <unk> .
Er .
So now they paired off joe left a marriage of twenty four twenty five years and suddenly they had these two couples .
And now one of them appears to be breaking up .
I wouldn't be surprised if the other one breaks up too .
Well let us know next wednesday .
I'd be i sure will .
