Hello and welcome to diplomatic license .
Richard roth is off .
I'm gary tuchman .
There are roughly twenty three thousand peacekeepers in bosnia <unk> .
But should they be called peacekeepers or peace seekers .
After all there is currently no peace to keep in bosnia and now preparations are being made in case a troop evacuation is necessary .
They've come under military bombardment and at the same time heavy criticism .
Literally and figuratively the u. n. peacekeepers in bosnia <unk> have been under fire .
Very often peacekeeping involves getting into a situation where you're faced with two or three or four bad choices and peacekeeping seems to represent the least bad choice .
That is not an ideal world .
And that may be an understatement .
Unprofor forces are best suited to maintaining a peace that already exists but there is no such peace in bosnia .
The deadly violence continues unabated and peacekeeping troops have no mandate to fight back .
There's nothing wrong with peacekeeping per se .
But it's a little like a medicine .
You know it's a good cold remedy but unfortunately it was applied in this case to a cancer and it simply couldn't do the job .
But why has the situation gotten so bad .
Some say if the u. n. hadn't implemented an arms embargo against the bosnian troops peacekeepers could fulfill their mission .
Shortly after the end of the cold war slovenia declares it's independence and the serbs attacked slovenia but slovenia to the surprise of the attacking serbs had weapons to defend themselves .
The <unk> turned those weapons on the serbs and the serbs <unk> .
Many critics say in the future the u. n. security council which makes the decisions when it comes to peacekeeping action must avoid doing what it's done in bosnia .
You have a case where the russians basically are leaning one direction .
The british and french and americans are somewhere in between or leaning the other way and there isn't a true consensus and in that case you don't have a united nations if in fact the nations aren't united .
But they are united enough to state that an evacuation of bosnia is by no means inevitable .
Well the security council is not considering that issue currently .
There is no proposition on the table for that .
The peacekeepers say all they can do is focus on what they can accomplish with the resources they have .
I am confident that there are people alive today in bosnia fed and sheltered and housed today in bosnia who wouldn't be alive if unprofor had not been deployed .
But how many more would be alive if unprofor arrived earlier in the crisis or had a clearer mission .
It's a question that troubles many .
So what's going on behind the scenes at the united nations with us to offer some insight is one of our regulars here on diplomatic license afsane bassir pour the u. n. correspondent for le monde .
Afsane what's the latest at the security council .
Well actually gary the answer to that question is simply nothing .
Nothing is going on about bosnia in the security council .
The last major event here was the russian veto that was last friday when russia vetoed the resolution about bosnia that would have reinforced the embargo between bosnia and serbia .
Now amid much talk in the press about the pulling out of unprofor from bosnia the major contributors troop contributors the french and the british assure us that they have no intention of pulling out their troops and it was interesting that even the bosnian government said openly that they don't want unprofor to pull out .
Afsane thanks for the insight .
We'll have you back a little bit later in the show .
Thank you .
Well an actress who has received much attention as a <unk> long time supporter of the palestine liberation organization spoke out at the united nations headquarters on friday .
Vanessa redgrave was at the u. n. to talk about her support for the government of bosnia and specifically the citizens of sarajevo .
More shells have fallen on sarajevo than fell on the whole of yugoslavia when the nazis were shelling invading and occupying yugoslavia .
More shells in those nine hundred fifty days than fell on the whole of yugoslavia and as i'm sure you're all aware hitler turned the whole might of the nazi third reich before they attacked russia on yugoslavia .
More shells have fallen in those nine hundred fifty days and now they are falling thick and fast again .
Welcome back .
In the nearly fifty years of u. n. history there have been thirty four peacekeeping or monitoring missions .
Fully half of them are still in operation .
But lately we're hearing a lot about troop withdrawals and possible troop withdrawals .
With us on diplomatic license is the military adviser for those peacekeeping operations major general maurice <unk> .
And to join us in the questioning james bone the u. n. correspondent for the times of london .
General <unk> thanks for joining us .
You're quite welcome .
Militarily how are things going right now in bosnia .
Probably you know as much as i do as what is going out now in the mission in bosnia .
It's extremely dangerous extremely complex .
There is a lot of diplomatic mission going on .
There's a lot of military action going on .
It's unsafe for our troops .
The mandate is extremely difficult and i don't want to go into detail and there has been talk of withdrawal in the past few days including an announcement by the u. s. .
And that leads up to the next question general .
If there is a withdrawal how dangerous would that process be .
Well in a withdrawal you have to plan for the worst case and hope for the best and in that <unk> bosnia <unk> the worst case is pretty bad and that's the reason why we cannot even contemplate of withdrawing under the worst scenario on our own and we would need some outside help .
Well how much outside help would you need general .
I've seen figures bandied around some as high as one hundred twenty five thousand troops if it were done in the midst of winter .
Well it will depend on the condition and i don't want to speculate now or give you some planning figure .
They have not been released by nato or unprofor and i'm not the one who is going to release some of our estimates but it's a fairly high estimate .
It's a difficult terrain to go in and you need not only combat troops but if you are going to pull those out you need a complete militarized logistics system a lot of air cover a lot of transport a lot of engineers and these resources don't exist now in the mission .
And would that include pulling the troops out of croatia as well .
Well let's see what the decision of the council is and then i can answer that question .
Well does the planning cover that point though .
The planning is working now for the worst case scenario and the worst case scenario of course starts with bosnia <unk> and there is no indication now that the what we call croatia command now would need the same treatment or the same decision would be taken .
General does this possible withdrawal in bosnia how does it compare to the withdrawal in somalia .
We're not talking the same procedure at all .
We're not talking on the same track and we are not talking about the same spreading of our troops on the ground .
Right now in somalia in <unk> the troops are being pulled out of <unk> right now .
We have warships that are off the coast of <unk> and commercial ships are loading now the troops and the equipment and i think by eleven at night or twelfth of december <unk> will have been vacated and all the rest of our troops will be in mogadishu and the withdrawal of mogadishu has been going on since we were asked by the council to reduce first to fifteen thousand and then close the mission down .
So we call it an administrative withdrawal .
General just to clarify .
In somalia are you going to need american ground forces under american command to come into somalia to evacuate the troops or are you going to be able to get the u. n. troops out without that .
Let me qualify that .
In the worst case scenario we need a naval task force off the coast that will give us air cover will give us capability to withdraw equipment and men from the beach because it could happen that the port and the airport are completely <unk> because of fire coming in or destruction and also to withdraw the last protective team that we will have inside mogadishu we will need some specialized troops like marines to come in and really close the mission for us in a very orderly and safe way .
So far italy has offered marines and we have not received a confirmation from the u. s. that they will provide a force yet .
Italy's offered four hundred .
How many more do you need .
Our estimate is that we need some more than four thousand four hundred .
How many more .
Oh let's call it now up to two thousand .
General you alluded to the mandate before and then said you didn't want to say very much about it .
I'm not going to probe too deeply because i realize you don't make the policy .
However are you a little frustrated that your peacekeeping forces in bosnia cannot really do very much to fight back .
Well you're talking to a peacekeeper in here and we're not in a competition in bosnia <unk> to see who is going to fight back .
We didn't go there to fight back .
We went there to fulfill the mandate and if you cannot fulfill the mandate and if you would fight back you would still not fulfill the mandate and take a lot of casualties .
You'd have maybe some happier soldiers but you'd have a lot of dead soldiers too .
General there's been a lot of talk recently about the reinforcement of the bosnian <unk> air defenses with i think sam six missiles that seem to have come in from the rump state of yugoslavia from belgrade .
This seems to have effectively stopped the nato low fly zone enforcement operation .
Is that going to be possible to resume that operation at any time .
They certainly make the air operation extremely dangerous for those who execute it and also if you get into air operations like we were doing before in a place where there is no ground defense you don't have to have such wide ranging air operations .
But now if we're facing serious and very capable ground defense the air operation coming in either from the no fly zone closed air support or air strikes have to come in with all the capability to defend themself and carry on their mission which means attacking ground targets that threaten the airplanes .
General maurice <unk> we want to thank you very much for joining us .
Quite welcome .
Well in honor of the one hundredth birthday of the international olympic committee the u. n. has declared this the international year of sport and the olympic ideal .
Andrew young a former u. n. ambassador who now co chairs the organizing committee for the nineteen ninety six atlanta olympics helped cut the ribbon for a special sporting exhibit at the u. n. .
