I'm tony clark at c. n. n. center .
Our live coverage of the capture of the <unk> satellite continues .
This is a live shot from two hundred twenty miles above earth the shuttle endeavour the satellite in the middle .
You see tom akers to the side to the left hand side rick <unk> .
And in the back on the end of the shuttle's payload bay arm the guy that has tried this is the third time he has tried pierre <unk> thirty six years old born in connecticut but considers virginia fairfax virginia new bedford massachusetts his home town .
He turns thirty seven next week .
He's married one child a seven year old son .
A commander in the u. s. navy graduated thirtieth in his class at the naval academy .
He's a fighter pilot .
He has been an astronaut since july of nineteen eighty six working on spacewalk equipment when he first started with nasa which helped him out at this point .
He was the astronaut on the end of the arm for those last two tries that were unsuccessful .
This is his second time in space .
He flew once before during february nineteen ninety on a defense department mission .
Rick <unk> is the largest astronaut out there .
He is six foot three inches tall .
In fact he jokes that he's got more room in shuttle because he can float around and put is legs anywhere .
He is thirty six years old from jamestown north dakota .
He married with two children a daughter five a son who is two .
He's a graduate of the university of colorado with a masters degree in aerospace engineering .
He joined the joined nasa right out of college in nineteen seventy nine and worked on crew activity planning .
In fact there is a story that goes around on a previous space shuttle mission when he was just an engineer at nasa .
They were having problems getting in a satellite and a young engineer came running in with a possible solution for the problem .
And that solution was tried and worked .
That engineer rick <unk> .
In flew on the shuttle .
This is his second flight on the shuttle .
He flew in nineteen ninety one may of nineteen ninety one .
The third astronaut out there was one that was not originally designed to be part of this space walk .
Tom akers was supposed to be on a spacewalk with cathy thornton to work on space station construction techniques .
He is forty years old .
In fact his birthday is a week from today .
He'll be forty one years old a week from today .
He was called in to help out because commander dan <unk> said he wanted to have three people out there .
Akers has a master's degree in applied mathematics .
He is a former national park ranger from missouri .
He did that while he was in college .
For four years he was a high school principal he's a major in the air force and worked on weapons development .
This is also his second flight .
His first flight was in october of nineteen ninety .
He was responsible for the deployment of the ulysses spacecraft which is an <unk> probe to investigate the polar regions of the son .
Those are the three people that we have been watching spell down there .
You can see them out in the payload bay .
Each one of them are on foot restraints foot platforms .
<unk> who is on the left it's hard to tell but he is also standing on a platform .
They earlier today built a little triangle out there which put them all in a triangular shape to latch on to that satellite .
They grabbed it and what you see now is the capture bar .
<unk> has the capture bar floating in front of him .
You can see if you look down if you follow the capture bar down to right where the satellite structure is you can see the circle of the steering wheel that we were watching pierre <unk> the last two tries watching him hold to try and latch onto that .
That's the next task is to put on that capture bar .
In fact let's listen to them for just a minute .
You'll naturally just have to lean back over .
Let's put them down in the back and pick up your .
That's good over .
One of the concerns before they decided to do three people was microphone control being able to be able to hear each one of the astronauts because it was especially important during the capture itself .
They've never used that before .
And so they had to work out a system so that each one could hear the other and mission control could here them without them stepping on each other .
This is a view from the that was a view from the shuttle's robot arm looking down .
There you can see the sight of the earth a view that not many people get to see in person .
Astronauts on this mission as former astronaut bill fisher said are not getting the chance to really look and enjoy the sunrise and sunset of the earth because they are too busy for it .
While the astronauts get in position and continue working placing the capture on our live coverage of the capture of the <unk> satellite will continue .
