Zoe baird president clinton's choice to be the new attorney general says she will not step aside .
The new clinton administration defends the nomination .
Ms. baird again <unk> to a senate committee for hiring illegal immigrants as household staff .
And this view some parents hire illegal workers by preference believing they'll do a better job .
I mean it's sort of like clinton sending chelsea to private school you know .
When the bottom line comes along you do what's best for your kid .
That is your absolute first priority .
And if you find a better person and they're not legal you hire them .
First the top stories in this hour's news .
This is all things considered .
I'm noah adams .
And i'm linda wertheimer .
On capitol hill today the senate moved to confirm fourteen more clinton appointees nine of them cabinet secretaries but quick and smooth confirmation is not likely for attorney general designee zoe baird .
On her second day of confirmation hearings support for her began to erode .
Late this afternoon senator alan simpson the assistant minority leader and co author of the nation's principal immigration law said he would vote against her nomination .
Baird has apologized and paid a civil fine for hiring two illegal immigrants to work in her household but negative public reaction is setting up the possibility of the clinton administration's first political fight on capitol hill .
Npr's nina totenberg reports .
For democrats the nomination is a horrible dilemma .
With president clinton in his first week in office no democrat wants to undercut him but the constituent phone calls are flooding senate offices against the nominee .
The office of california's newly elected senator diane feinstein has received fifteen hundred calls against the nominee and thirty three in support .
Other senators report a similar trend and feinstein who just yesterday said baird would be confirmed said today she hopes to be able to vote for the nominee .
The phone calls radio talk show response and mail has the republicans jumping ship .
Today senator nancy kassebaum the only female republican senator withdrew her previous endorsement of baird and said she would vote no on the nomination .
Once it reaches this type of fire storm you can't get it behind you and particularly as i say in a department which i think must hold up the highest standards .
So as a role model she just doesn't qualify .
She herself could probably provide a real service to president clinton by withdrawing her nomination .
A number of other republicans some privately some publicly said they too would oppose .
That puts the democrats in the position of choosing whether to betray their new president or appearing to flout the spirit of reform that he and some of them ran on .
The good news said one democrat is that nobody wants to vote against her .
The bad news is that nobody wants to vote for her .
Democrats say the more junior members of the senate are particularly skittish as one put it about taking a fall for the president a new experience for democrats who have never before had a democratic president to work with .
That has led to considerable discussion about baird withdrawing her nomination .
Today senator herb kohl of wisconsin asked her first how she expected if confirmed to have the moral authority to lead the justice department .
This is a demonstration that the law does apply to everyone .
I was wrong to have broken the law .
This should not be done by others .
I don't recommend it to others .
I don't excuse others .
I don't excuse myself .
Clearly and i believe that you want the attorney general of this country to be respected as much as anybody else in government because that person is a citizens' representative with respect to law and order and justice in this country .
Have you asked yourself whether or not you might serve that order best by withdrawing your nomination .
I don't believe that that would be appropriate .
I think that my overall record gives me the potential to be a great attorney general that this episode while i don't want to diminish it excuse it it was an episode which is a civil violation .
When i paid the penalties the penalties were two thousand nine hundred dollars .
I'm not trying to say that it's small or unimportant .
I'm just trying to say that i think that the power of my overall record and the potential that i have to serve this country and to serve this president as attorney general should override the particular incident in my mind in my judgment .
So far no democrat has publicly <unk> from the baird nomination and the republicans on the judiciary committee are preserving their options .
Indeed ranking republican orrin hatch remains <unk> most vociferous supporter today accusing what he called left wing groups' of generating the phone calls against the nomination .
Hatch refused to specify what groups he was talking about and other senators say privately they believe the phone calls are spontaneous .
But not all the judiciary committee republicans are reserving judgment .
Many sound increasingly as if they will vote against baird and today senator larry pressler of south dakota made it official for himself .
Let's say that you had that the justice department decided to do a strike force a lot of raids on small businessmen would you feel fully comfortable on going on national television and telling the american people we're going to start having these raids on small businesses .
Yes absolutely .
I mean i believe that the laws should be enforced and that the immigration laws should be enforced and i believe they should be enforced even handedly and i have no problem with that .
Well this is a line of concern that i have is your effectiveness and i'm sorry to say that it will it force me to vote against you .
I know my ranking members may reach the opposite conclusion and i think that the general consensus in the press is that you will be confirmed .
I'll be working with you but i wanted you to know and everybody to know that my concerns are your effectiveness .
The senate judiciary committee hearings will continue tomorrow with testimony from nominee <unk> husband yale law professor paul <unk> .
He did much of the work in hiring the illegal immigrants .
