Some people expected the government to throw the book at salomon brothers but myron kandel says if it weren't for warren <unk> they just might have done just that .
Well two hundred million two hundred ninety million dollars is a lot of book though myron .
Yes but i think it was an appropriate penalty lou .
And the fact is if there were such a thing as a corporate medal of honor for rescuing an endangered company from the brink of disaster they should be pinning it on warren <unk> right now .
His squeaky clean image his reputation as an icon of american capitalism and his unmatched washington connections kept salomon from potential destruction .
When the scandal broke last summer <unk> stepped in to head the firm and to protect his seven hundred million dollar investment .
At that point the treasury had decided to ban the firm from dealing in the government's securities market .
But <unk> was able to get treasury secretary nicholas brady on the phone and convince him to lift at least part of that sanction .
He also moved swiftly to get rid of the offending salomon officials .
Contrast all that with the government's unrelenting pursuit of drexel burnham which eventually resulted in that firm's demise and the loss of nearly eleven thousand jobs .
Drexel was the quintessential non establishment firm having thumbed its nose for years at both washington and wall street .
And when it needed friends it didn't have any .
The key element of today's settlement was the government's decision not to file criminal charges against salomon which i agree with .
<unk> transgressions though very grave were not systemic .
And <unk> unlike drexel acted quickly to end them .
The two hundred ninety million dollar penalty is appropriate .
It will hurt but it won't cost salomon <unk> six thousand employees their jobs .
Lou .
Well myron i think you make excellent points .
I asked the s. e. c. chairman richard <unk> if drexel had been something of an educational experience for the regulators he declined .
What do you think .
Well i think that lou they were the fact that drexel went out of business is too bad .
The fact that the government was tough on them was right as it now turned out .
I think they could've saved that firm and those jobs .
Ten thousand job .
Let me ask you do you think the government's securities market is all <unk> up and we're ready to move ahead ethics all straightened up legal issues resolved .
I think it's in pretty good shape now .
Okay myron .
