Baseball .
Welcome to our broadcast .
For the first time in eighty nine years there will be no world series but thanks to emmy award winning filmmaker ken burns we do have baseball .
The director and producer of p. b. s. the civil war has created a nine part documentary on the history of our national pastime which <unk> sunday on p. b. s. .
From <unk> cobb to babe ruth and jackie robinson to reggie jackson burns chronicles the game of baseball with his trademark completeness .
Four thousand photos seventy interviews eighteen and a half hours in all commentators as diverse as billy crystal and mario cuomo .
I'm very please to have ken burns here to talk about baseball a game that he loves and a game that he clearly knows a lot about .
Welcome .
Hi charlie .
Thank you for coming .
I mean this is much awaited by me individually because of a love of the game and because i've had the pleasure to interview some of the people who are part of this series whether it was bob costas or ted williams and many many others .
So i i welcome you for a conversation .
When did your affair with baseball begin .
It began in newark delaware when i played the pony league at age six and seven .
I was my strike zone was not that much larger than eddie <unk> .
Yeah .
I would walk on the first four pitches steal second on the fifth and be at third on the sixth .
I was the lead off batter in our games .
We had a man in <unk> or shall i say a boy in scoring position .
Yeah .
I loved it .
I played it .
It was a refuge from the tragedy that was <unk> my family .
My mother was very sick through most of my early childhood and i i don't have the memories that others have about having of going to the game with the father or the mother .
I went to the game more or less alone .
Yeah .
As a way to escape that .
Somewhere around vietnam i fell out of baseball and came back with a vengeance in october of nineteen seventy five when carlton fisk started waving that ball fair in the sixth game of the nineteen seventy five world series and i .
You're a red sox fan .
I am .
You have to add the word long suffering before the red sox fan .
Yes .
That time .
Interesting in this film there is a piece that we'll take a look at from bob costas .
So many people and especially women ask about this relationship between young men and older men and baseball .
In your film in a dramatic and caring way bob costas defines what it meant to him and his father .
Let's take a look at that .
Here it is .
Bob costas talking in baseball .
My father and i had nothing in common .
Sad to say .
Nothing except baseball .
My father took me to yankee stadium in nineteen fifty nine .
I was seven years old .
The yankees lost to the orioles seven to two .
Mantle didn't play he was hurt .
And at that time after the game was over you could leave by way of the field .
They would open up the bullpen gates and you could walk around the warning track take in the entire majestic enormous ballpark and then walk out the back of the <unk> into the street .
The game was over and my father took me by the hand and walked me past the <unk> .
Looked into those <unk> and thought to myself at age seven mickey mantle sat in there .
Whitey ford sat in there .
And i was careful careful not to disturb anything .
Looked down at the red clay of the warning track but it wasn't my place to kick it and to move it around .
I i was a visitor .
I was being allowed to see this .
And we got out to dead center field where the monuments to ruth and <unk> and gehrig were .
And i stood there and seven years old and i started to cry .
And part of it was just the surroundings so impressive the facade the the enormity of the place .
A a seven year old kid literally could not see over the mound from that distance .
Home plate looked like it was a mile away .
The place was so imposing .
But also i really thought that these guys were buried there .
I thought that this was a sacred yankee burial ground .
And surely when <unk> passed away when mantle passed away they'd be buried there too .
And my father tried to explain to me yes these men are dead but they're buried someplace else .
I would have none of it .
I was i was convinced that that was their tombstone .
If you asked me what is the happiest memory of your father to me that day .
We're back with ken burns .
Tell me why other people love this sport so much and what it means .
Because you talk about civil war as the <unk> and baseball as the odyssey .
Well the the civil war defined us .
Many people say that .
It's the great epic battle that defined our nation made it what it is today .
And therefore the the war the civil war has been called the american <unk> .
I have chosen to focus on baseball as a way to understand the country we became not as a metaphor as much as a mirror that baseball reflects all our tendencies .
Walt whitman felt this right at the time of the civil war .
He said it fits into our life as significantly as our <unk> .
Somehow he saw something in this game .
And it's a combination of lots of factors .
It's a community game .
Mm hm .
You have to play it together .
It's a beautifully designed game unlike any other game .
The defense has the ball .
Right .
There's no clock .
People score not the ball score .
All of these things kind of conspire to make it a a literary game .
Why have poets and writers and everyone been drawn to this game if there isn't something in its initial construction that appeals .
And then since it has accompanied our narrative for two hundred years .
Yeah .
We can tie and measure the benchmarks of our own personal life and our larger national life by what's going on .
You know it you know the great moment when when justice potter stewart is handed a note in the supreme court and it says <unk> flies to left .
Agnew resigns .
That's baseball .
It had the priorities did it .
Here is what walt whitman said .
Well it's our game .
That's the chief fact in connection with it .
America's game .
It has the snap go <unk> of the american atmosphere .
It belongs as much to our institutions fits into them as significantly as our constitution's laws .
It's just as important in the sum total of our historic life .
It's did it change how has it changed and and why in this film have you focused so much on the centrality of race in the evolution of baseball .
This is our central story as a country .
We are founded more than two hundred years ago on the most noble principle yet advanced in humankind that all men are created equal .
Yet the men who distilled the essence of the <unk> and put it into that magnificent sentence owned slaves .
Mm .
And four score and seven years ago we fought a war and killed two percent of our population and still didn't decide ultimately in the hearts and minds of american men and women that there was all men were created equal .
And so it becomes the central thread .
And if you are interested in knowing as i am what makes our country tick who we are then you have to see that race is the central thing .
As you look at baseball baseball's finest moment is when jackie robinson comes up .
It is the first progress in civil rights since the civil war and it occurs not where we think these things occur .
It occurs on the diamonds of our so called national pastime .
And as you begin to dig a little bit further you find out that two years after two percent of our population died supposedly settling the issue the all black <unk> team of philadelphia not a southern team of philadelphia are denied membership in the national association of baseball players .
And from then on we have excluded or found a way to exclude or to punish african americans in baseball in much the same ways we have punished them in our larger society .
So by in a <unk> sense where you could find the universe in a grain of sand you study baseball you study ourself .
Take a look at this clip .
This is jackie robinson's entry into major league baseball .
Here it is .
History was made here tuesday afternoon in <unk> flag <unk> <unk> field when smiling jackie robinson trotted out on the green swept diamond with the rest of his dodger teammates .
No less than fifteen photographers surrounded robinson before the game and clicked his picture from every position imaginable .
Pittsburgh courier .
On april fifteenth nineteen forty seven at <unk> field in flatbush in the borough of brooklyn in new york city the brooklyn dodgers faced the boston braves .
It was opening day and for the first time in modern major league history a black man jack roosevelt robinson was starting the game at first base .
There were twenty six thousand six hundred twenty three fans in the stands .
More than half of them black come to see jackie robinson .
Although robinson went <unk> in three trips to the plate just the sight of him stirred the crowd .
Clearly to know you and to know about the making of the civil war one of your great heroes is abe lincoln .
Is the hero for you of baseball jackie robinson .
Yeah and i didn't go in planning it that way .
He snuck up on me .
I knew that he would be a central figure but i didn't understand in a way how powerful the emotional <unk> is to baseball .
I mean you can talk about the broad <unk> themes till you're blue in the face but really it comes down to very powerful emotions that connect me to you and .
Mm .
To others about time about memory about family and about home .
And jackie's story seems to add this central american fault line about race to it and does it magnificently .
He was asked by branch rickey as you know to turn the other cheek for three years .
For three years .
In the face of withering withering racial insight insults and abuse .
And he did so magnificently .
He transformed white baseball .
He brought the negro league style of play hit and run base stealing the psychological battle between the pitcher and the base runner not just the batter .
He brought the flavor of the negro league game to baseball but he did it carrying on his shoulders this remarkable burden .
They put black cats on the field .
They'd scream at him they'd lay open their his thighs with their spikes .
And he essentially set the tone and the character of the upcoming civil rights movement a combination of forbearance but also a sense of militancy that it was going to come around .
No man has ever played the game who played it with more dignity .
More dignity .
As he did .
Can you imagine having to hold it in .
People have said you can't you can't play baseball angry .
You have to be relaxed .
And here's a man having to hold in everything .
He's one of the great stories .
I mean gerald early who's the head of the african american studies department at washington university in saint louis says you can measure american history before robinson and after robinson .
It's that much of a sea change and we say oh this occurs in our game .
Well this game is a fantastic intersection of fact the statistics who won .
Yeah .
Lost and metaphor what it means .
I mean that's what a game is .
Interesting his wife in the stands who's alive and lives here in new york had to stand and shield him .
She .
She had she had promised branch rickey that she would was also under the same constraints and she couldn't yell she couldn't defend her husband .
And can you imagine this relatively small woman sitting in the stands feeling the anger being hurled at her husband .
I mean the focus of we can't even appreciate how bad it was .
And hoping somehow that her body would intercept that she could widen out far enough .
If that isn't a symbol of of of his greatness and hers i don't know what is .
For you jackie robinson is the greatest player because of all this not only a great player but because of what he's .
I think he's a real hero .
And how a true hero .
Yeah .
You make the point actually in conversation that that there is a difference in celebrity .
Yeah .
Who does something well on an athletic field and a true hero who robinson did something well on the athletic field and was celebrated for it but carried a much deeper and stronger .
We confuse in our society celebrity and heroism .
You know they're very very different .
There are baseball heroes .
The men who know how to hit the ball joe <unk> and willie mays and babe ruth and lou gehrig and yet there are people who who take their great skill as baseball players and add something more .
And that's a jackie robinson that's a kurt flood that's a christy <unk> and a lou gehrig at times .
That's a branch rickey .
Where they are called on to do something that is not expected of them .
It's a ted williams who when he is inducted into the hall of fame in his first year of eligibility stands up there and says i would like to see satchel <unk> and josh gibson here and they are not here because they did not get a chance .
That's heroism .
When in his moment of glory when the greatest hitter who ever lived could quite rightfully bask in his own accomplishments he took the time to speak up for those who were not spoken for and then helped initiate the move towards the inclusion of negro league players in the hall of fame .
You mentioned ted williams .
Let's talk a little bit about some of the other great heroes that are in this film and a part of the american history and a part of baseball .
<unk> cobb .
He is .
The man that some say is the greatest player ever to play the game .
He may .
Who saw his record broken by pete rose who brought some sense of scandal to the game .
He is the most interesting person that i got to know in the course of this series .
Terrifying .
He like jackie is .
Got to know in terms of he's dead but you got to know him because in the way you get to know abraham lincoln .
Someone told me that what i do is i wake the dead .
Yes .
And i think it must be for my own personal reasons but somehow when you work on a project like this you get to know these people and feel like you know them .
Cobb and robinson both come from rural georgia both have terrific tempers and there the similarities end .
The black man jackie robinson makes the most heroic gesture in the history of baseball .
<unk> cobb just was a bundle of anger virulent racism and it was with him his whole life and yet it produced great baseball .
And finally at the end you say at what cost but he is he <unk> up page after page of history .
Where do you come down when you mention someone like <unk> cobb because he is often part of a footnote to this story .
Pete rose and whether he should be in the hall of fame .
Somehow we and the broad sense of media have become so sanctimonious like the colonial elders who paint the scarlet letter a. how could we possibly deny pete rose despite all of his problems and his foibles and his fault entry into the hall of fame .
If we were to do that we need to retroactively go back and take out babe ruth .
We certainly have to take out <unk> cobb and probably half the members wouldn't survive a kind of sanctimonious and moralistic scrutiny that we apply now .
Put pete rose in .
I'm glad if if a jury of his peers found him guilty of tax evasion and whatever it is he goes to jail and pays for that crime but let's honor him for something which is he has more hits .
Do you think your point of view represents the the majority opinion of people who will vote for his election into the hall of fame .
I hope it change .
I think there's there's a little bit of discomfort i i'm beginning to perceive that i hope that eventually he'll come in .
Because we can't the hall of fame can't be an <unk> of moral character it has to be an <unk> of baseball excellence .
I would as who did you want to talk to that's not among the seventy .
Joe <unk> i think .
Why did he say no .
Well i just think he was sort of <unk> .
I mean we made the usual inquiries and .
And you had all the people who could get to him .
Oh yeah and we we .
As part of the film .
Made the things and there was no response and i don't want to i didn't want to push .
I didn't i didn't push it .
We had we have ted williams and he's fantastic and mickey mantle is amazing and old negro league stars who bring their story their now world history alive .
But i would've wanted to find out more about the clipper and .
Yeah .
Yet there are many who told me look you don't need it .
I mean we handle him well .
Yeah but that that's you wanted it .
But you .
Badly .
I want to .
You because it's like .
I want to sit there and feel what that is about him and .
But how but did he just simply say i don't .
Yeah .
Want to do it with explanation or .
Number .
It was .
Just no .
Just no .
It was just no .
And how hard did you push .
Not hard .
I i really i don't want to be that kind of i'm not in a kind of news relationship .
No i know but .
There's got to be somebody has got to want to do it .
And ted said yes .
I mean he was very hard to get a hold of but once he'd seen the civil war he said yes and we came and we had a remarkable conversation .
Yeah .
Anyone else .
Number .
That you thought was really would've made a significant contribution .
Number .
That you couldn't .
No well you know who i would've in the non ball player .
Yeah .
Is lots of writers you .
Yeah .
Know .
I finally had to say how do i decide so i took the washington post and i said i'll do shirley <unk> and tom boswell .
Right .
That'll be a family .
Two of the best .
You .
This is a family story .
Bet .
You bet .
I'll look at broadcasting and i've got a million people so i'll do the grandfather the son and the grandson red barber vince sculley and bob costas .
You actually went down the first interview was with red barber .
With red barber .
Because you were worried about his health .
I was worried about his health and i went six months before the civil war was out to tallahassee .
Yeah .
And he actually lived several more years but i i mean he he was the person that i needed to go and see first .
And he's fantastic .
There is a moment when he describes a conversation he had with branch rickey telling him about why he was going to bring a black man and he goes this i know .
And when i'm in an interview i usually am a blank .
I just listen i try to soak it up .
Yeah .
And i said at that moment i know exactly where this is going to go in the film .
I know there'll be a title that says this i know and it will initiate what will be the dramatic centerpiece of this series which is the arrival of jackie robinson .
A little bit about process .
Do you know i mean have you read everything and talked to everybody before you sit down or .
Number .
Is it a learning process for you .
It's a learning process .
In fact i in many cases try to stay ignorant of some of the details and my co producer lynn <unk> will .
Right .
<unk> all of the material and will go to an interview .
I don't .
She was a casual fan .
She was a casual fan but now knows more than i. i turn .
Yeah .
To her i say lynn .
Yeah .
You want to tell me now who who did this when but i'll go to an interview with the great hitter charlie rose and i don't want you to fill a space in my script .
I wish i wish .
I just want yeah tell me about it .
In my fondest dreams i wish .
I was just upset at doing .
Ted williams once told me the hardest thing in the world to do in sports .
Is hit it .
Is to hit a baseball .
Oh that's absolutely .
Okay .
Right .
And look at michael jordan who was one of the greatest players .
Yeah i know .
And perhaps the greatest athlete of our age .
Yeah .
What does he want to do once he's had it all in that sport .
He wants to hit a baseball .
Is to go back .
He wants to hit a .
Which he obviously can't .
Baseball .
And he's .
Do as well as he'd .
And he's and he's .
Like to .
But look how he's doing it .
He's suffering it with great humility .
Right right .
Because he's doing it for his father .
Time .
Right .
You bet .
Memory family .
You bet .
And home .
But i don't want you to tell me something i already know you're going to tell me .
I want you to surprise me .
I don't want you to fit into someplace in my script .
I want you to make a new scene in my script accidentally .
And so we collect all these still photographs we collect all this first person testimony we collect this on camera testimony we look for the newsreels and then we walk into the editing room and go oh my god .
And when does the structure come .
I mean this a bit about this and i've got it down here .
You've got this thing divided .
Eighteen and a half hours .
Mm hm .
And nine consecutive nights on p. b. s. with .
We do five nights then two .
A weekend stop .
Right .
With a weekend stop .
Right .
And it it's it's nine innings .
The first inning one thousand eight hundred forties to nineteen ninety our game chronicles .
Nineteen hundred .
Nineteen hundred i'm sorry .
Chronicles the rise of baseball from a gentleman's hobby to a national sport in one generation .
Second inning is nineteen hundred to nineteen ten the look of <unk> examines baseball's early legend including <unk> cobb walter johnson john mcgraw and others .
Third inning nineteen ten to nineteen twenty the filth of fifty million people <unk> .
The faith .
The faith .
The the faith of fifty million people <unk> with the black sox scandal .
Fourth inning nineteen twenty to nineteen thirty a national heirloom focuses on babe ruth .
Tell me about babe ruth .
Well well what do we have in our environment that's more impressive than babe ruth .
George will says in the film he's an <unk> in kansas .
And i just i want to let that image set in .
Mount <unk> in .
A a mount <unk> .
The middle of kansas .
In the middle of kansas .
And that says it all .
This in an age of <unk> consumption he's the greatest consumer of them all .
And john goodman in the flawed portrait and william <unk> in the <unk> portrait .
Mm hm .
Do not do justice to this complicated man .
And i have .
Why was he complicated .
What was complicated .
His birth .
About babe ruth .
He he grew up in a in a dysfunctional family .
They put him in a reform school .
He was called nigger lips .
He was belittled .
And all of a sudden he learned from an irish priest how to hit a baseball with a <unk> stick and he is prodigious .
What did he have .
I mean i've always been fascinated because he does not look he does not have the look of a great athlete .
No he doesn't .
But he had the capacity .
He could hit .
First as a pitcher .
First as a pitcher .
He you know and if you were to stop time in nineteen twenty you would record babe ruth as the finest left handed pitcher in the american league .
Yeah .
In the nineteen teens .
Pitching for the boston red sox .
And that would be all right .
As dan <unk> said it's like he's he's like beethoven and cezanne in one person because .
Yeah .
Then he switches over and becomes the greatest power hitter and the greatest player in the game .
I mean all all the arguments that we can have about who's the best it always has to be after ruth a a a talent that is so remarkable .
The way he dominated the game .
I mean we think of michael jordan and muhammad ali as as being a figure beyond their sport .
Does everybody say his like will never come .
I can't imagine anybody .
The combination of the joie de <unk> alone .
Yeah .
You know he never he wouldn't remember your name .
You would be kid even if he <unk> with you .
And the be able to <unk> hot dogs .
It's about appetite .
Yeah .
The appetite for stardom the appetite for home runs the appetite .
Now was he the first player to make one hundred thousand dollars .
Yes .
Yeah .
Your heroes that come out of this christy <unk> .
Yeah .
He's a portrait .
What's really remarkable about this to me and what you do so well and did in the civil war and you've done it in other places and you're going to do it i guess what your next project is thomas jefferson .
Thomas jefferson .
And after that lewis and clark .
I mean you go from a great thinker to great explorers .
Who who else emerges from this for you as characters we ought to take note of .
Well at .
In this conversation .
At the end of this thing you're going to know sixty or seventy people .
Right .
You're going to know sixty or seventy events .
Even if you're not a a fan they're going sort of guides to an american soul that i'm interested in pursuing .
But i'm drawn to john mcgraw .
I'm drawn to christy <unk> .
John mcgraw is a manager .
A manager and a a third baseman for the baltimore orioles and the new york <unk> manager and this fiery temperament an incredibly complex figure who when he died his wife found among his effects a list of all the black players he had secretly wished he could hire over the years .
Yeah manager of the giants .
And a manager of the giants .
Yeah .
Forever .
Yeah .
There's christy who was the christian gentleman .
There's grover cleveland alexander the alcoholic and <unk> .
Yeah .
Who has this great moment of glory in the nineteen twenty six world series when he strikes out tony <unk> .
How about kurt flood .
Kurt flood is i think after robinson and aaron of the black stars the one i'm really drawn to in this series .
Here is a man who suffered all of the <unk> of robinson but did so after it was over so nobody was paying attention any more .
He plays magnificently throughout the sixties and in sixty nine he is traded to the <unk> and he says i'm not going to go .
And .
You don't own me .
He you do not own me .
I am not a piece of property <unk> kuhn .
I am a <unk> now it's how ironic that this plantation system of the reserve clause should first be legitimately tested in this century by a black man saying i am a man .
And he falls on his sword .
He he doesn't play major league baseball and it will take marvin miller and the <unk> of getting collective bar of binding arbitration and a third <unk> to to and a test case <unk> and mcnally to make to break the reserve clause and establish free agency .
Yeah .
But kurt flood led the way .
He's the john brown .
And it essentially ended his career did it .
Oh it ended it .
Right .
Absolutely .
He is john brown .
Right .
To .
He made the ultimate sacrifice .
To the story .
In terms of his career .
He made the ultimate .
And changed his life forever .
Forever .
Buck buck o'neil is said to be the conscience of this film .
<unk> absolutely .
There are many .
A living .
Shelby <unk> like .
Right .
Dan <unk> and and .
Yeah he's also characterized as .
And .
The shelby <unk> of this film .
And robert <unk> .
And there's only one shelby .
Who is he and why do we say this .
Buck o'neil was born in florida .
He he worked in the celery fields had to get out found a way out in education and baseball .
He became a member of the kansas city monarchs star first baseman .
Led the league in hitting .
Kansas city monarchs were the new york yankees .
Yeah .
Of the black leagues .
He then he played with satchel <unk> against josh gibson .
He knew them all .
He became their manager and he became the first black coach in the majors .
And we went to him to talk about the negro leagues and then we went back to him to talk about baseball in general and then we went back to him to talk about life .
Yeah .
This <unk> that i'm talking about .
And i have had the great good fortune as you know to .
Yeah .
Interview many many people .
No one comes close to buck in the humanity .
Yeah .
I i feel like he's a member of my family now .
In terms of his humanity .
Yeah .
It's his humanity and his understanding of how you and i feel without hatred but with with a backbone with a generosity to those .
A man of grace and dignity and .
Oh .
Yeah .
You'd love him .
Take a look at this .
This is buck neil .
Here he is buck o'neil .
Founded in nineteen twenty the monarchs dominated black baseball for more than twenty five years .
They won three <unk> in a row between nineteen twenty three and nineteen twenty five and even in the darkest years of the depression they were the most profitable of all the black ball clubs .
One east side bartender remembered that they made kansas city the talk of the town all over the world .
At the heart of the monarchs was their hard hitting first baseman john jordan buck o'neil .
We knew everybody in kansas city .
Everybody in kansas city knew us .
Not just say by the paper .
They'd walk up to me hello buck .
How're you doing i'd say hey joe good to see you .
Well what happened you were part of the community .
The baseball park you was in close you walked right by the stands and everybody knew your name and you'd talk to 'em before the game and after the game and the fans looked at the guys in our league as heroes .
But nobody had a big head .
Everybody was always there and ready to go out to dinner with the fans sign autographs whatever they wanted we were a part of it .
We were happy to do it because we all really loved and and respect each other .
With the kansas city monarchs we stayed in the best hotels in the world .
They just happen to have been black hotels .
We ate at the best restaurants in the world .
They just happen to have been black owned and operated .
Well organized .
Kansas city i'd like some major league .
Just happen to have been black .
O'neil would stay with the monarchs for nearly twenty years becoming their manager leading them to five more negro league <unk> and two championships in the black world series .
I want to do one other thing while we're here and it is to present without names some of the things that we've just been talking about to give you a sense without knowing the names some of them we've already talked about but this is a piece from the film in which you have some of the <unk> greatest heroes .
Roll the tape and you'll hear with john <unk> <unk> the people who made this the national pastime .
In nineteen thirty six two new stars made their first appearances in the big leagues .
The first was a seventeen year old fast ball pitcher from iowa whose father had built him his own practice field .
He was signed by the cleveland indians and in his very first start he struck out fifteen saint louis browns .
A few weeks later he set an american league record by striking out seventeen a's .
Then he went back home to finish high school .
His name was bob <unk> .
We went to the world series in nineteen thirty four in saint louis and saw the gas house gang and i thought right then and there that i was only fifteen that major league baseball wasn't that far away .
And not being cocky i had a lot of confidence .
My father gave me a lot of confidence .
But i never was afraid of a batter on the mound .
They may hit me hit me well but i was never afraid of them .
Imagine bob <unk> seventeen years old in the small farming town of van meter iowa throwing against the proverbial wall of the barn and having a fast ball that could beat any in the major league at that time .
Baseball stories are so various and they swap characters in them but the way i heard it lefty <unk> himself a pitcher faced the eighteen year old bobby <unk> .
The first one came over and the umpire called a strike .
And the second one came over .
He called a strike .
And the third one came over the umpire called a strike and <unk> said i thought that last one sounded a little low .
Always look for heroes .
Always the people look up to see something that represents them that is larger than they are and if it's perfect that they might become .
As a young boy when i was taken to my first game at yankee stadium my god .
Yankee stadium .
Talk about awesome sights to see joe <unk> whose name had that happy combination of <unk> that mine had to whom you could relate without knowing anything about san francisco or or anything else about him .
But he was an italian american .
He was a baseball player .
He didn't seem to have any other <unk> but his ability and that was sufficient to make him a great hero and a great success and therefore a great inspiration .
The second rookie that summer of nineteen thirty six was a young yankee outfielder from san francisco joe <unk> .
At seventeen he had broken in with the san francisco seals at shortstop and was moved to center field after committing eleven wild throws in a single exhibition game .
But he hit safely in sixty one straight games in his first year in the minors and batted three hundred ninety eight in his third .
The press was ready when he joined the majors and he did not disappoint hitting twenty nine <unk> and knocking in one hundred twenty five runs in his rookie season .
<unk> was the perfect complement to lou gehrig .
He would help lead the yankees to four consecutive world championships an accomplishment babe ruth and <unk> row had never even approached .
Now freed from ruth's shadow gehrig was spectacular .
In nineteen thirty six he hit forty nine home runs drove in one hundred fifty two runs and was named the league's most valuable player .
He also kept alive his extraordinary record of consecutive games played .
The yankees looked unbeatable .
Let me come back now .
This is divided into innings and i want to talk about a couple of other people .
The fourth inning was babe ruth .
We talked about the fifth inning which is on september twenty second <unk> covers the depression years ruth's fading career a new generation of stars williams and <unk> and the parallel world of the negro league .
September twenty sixth fifth is the sixth inning nineteen forty to nineteen fifty the great years of williams and <unk> .
Was there one great game for you one great series for you as a fan as a filmmaker .
As a fan it's seventy five the seventy five .
Red sox .
Series .
It brought me back into .
And the red sox and the reds is it .
Who was it .
The red sox and the cincinnati reds .
Right .
It goes to seven games .
The reds triumph .
But in the sixth game the underdog boston red sox come back they tie it up when the game is seemingly lost .
It goes into extra innings .
There are two spectacular defensive plays on both sides a play at the plate where the red sock who's scoring would give them the winning run is thrown out .
Dewey evans makes a spectacular catch and all of a sudden it comes up and and carlton fisk steps up to the plate .
Yeah .
And hits this home run which we know his body <unk> fair for that was as dan <unk> said a <unk> moment that brought many people back to the national pastime .
What about the music in the film .
Well it's on several layers .
It's got the traditional relationship to music that i've always enjoyed which is taking the old folk music in this case many old baseball tunes that we discovered at the hall of fame and rearranging them .
But it is also because we cover so much territory a history of american music from parlor music to jazz to dixieland duke ellington lester young early rock and roll r. and b. hard rock .
And how many times do we hear take me out to the ball game .
We must hear it sixty or seventy times from cocktail music to new versions by carly simon to amazing amazing upbeat versions .
September twenty sixth is seventh inning nineteen fifty nineteen sixty .
The capitol of baseball celebrates the domination of new york city baseball .
Well i was editing and i realized that the fifties i was going to call it the best that ever was because now with the black players up there i feel that the game was the best it ever was beginning then .
But i realized that it was all about new york and suddenly i decided to turn what seemed to be .
Baseball was about new york then .
It was about new york and the giants and the yankees and the dodgers wrote baseball history year in and year out and did so with an an importance that i'm beginning to appreciate only now .
When you think that when the dodgers and giants far left something went out of the city it certainly went out of brooklyn .
And we're looking for what that extra thing is the identity that a team brings a town in a way that we don't feel now .
Who are the contemporary players those that are playing the game now who are in the film .
Very very few .
We the last inning is called home and it goes from nineteen seventy to the .
Right .
Present and we have willie <unk> and the and and pete rose and some of the scandals and we really slow down this thing .
I'm in a i'm a historian .
I do or an amateur historian and i don't like to to deal with the journalistic recent past but we go right up to the carter and the toronto blue <unk> winning the world series and making it truly a world series between two countries and not one .
Yeah .
And sort of <unk> that in .
I don't want to make judgments about them .
I think the new i think the game right now has never been better .
Why do you say that .
I i think we're seeing talent equal to anything we've ever seen before like <unk> and and thomas .
Thomas .
And williams .
I think we're seeing great pitching .
Remember we've gone through an era of parody like we have never seen the last twenty years .
We've only seen a couple of repeats minnesota and and and toronto .
And there was one ye ten year period when it was a different team every year and last place teams would come to to first .
Great pitchers like <unk> you know maddux .
I mean this is a great great period which makes the pain of the current labor stuff all the more poignant for me .
We obviously are not going to have baseball this year .
We're not going to have a world series and some say that we probably won't see baseball if at all next year until after the mid season break .
What is it that brings you the most pain to know that .
Charlie <unk> said that baseball was the background music of america and i wanted more than anything for the series to go out with the proof of the pudding in the fact that even if you said oh well i'm not interested in the teams .
I'm going to turn on the game that you could find in the moments of the game the intersections the intervals and this is a game dan <unk> said about pondering inaction .
As you look at the pitcher .
Mm hm .
What does he have to throw this guy or where are the <unk> going to position themselves .
Where is the cutoff .
It has a different pace than any other sport .
Nothing else .
That as you ponder this inaction that the proof of what i'm trying to say about the game is there and that i miss it .
You know boswell said the six months of the year .
Tom boswell .
Of the washington post .
He said the six months of the year when there's baseball it's just a little bit better .
There's something more in our lives .
I feel that too .
I mean i was yesterday i was sitting in a diamond next to a diamond in virginia talking to somebody a reporter who didn't really care about baseball that much .
And there was a practice going on and i felt a tidal pull to get into it .
And i said you know i i have to let you know that my body is being drawn into this game that i want not to so much watch i want to get out there .
You've had the joy of throwing out the first ball that once or twice or .
About eight times .
So why do you get to do it .
It's this .
So much .
I mean .
Well we've been on this tour .
Yeah .
And and and to stand on the mound in a <unk> .
Do we have a videotape of that .
I will find you one .
I mean do you .
Yes .
Learn finally to get it right .
Yeah .
Well the first time i threw a perfect strike and the catcher just went huh .
Yeah .
And he walked out .
He says that's the first strike i've had all year because there are the usual <unk> .
Right .
Like ken burns out there .
Right right .
Bouncing the pitches .
And the next day i got cocky at jacobs field and i bounced the ball .
The next day at memorial sta .
Jacobs field is <unk> is cleveland .
It's cleveland .
It's a .
Right .
Beautiful field .
New .
Then i was in county stadium in milwaukee .
And i've been throwing strikes more or less .
Buck says .
Does buck go with you to throw these strikes .
Yeah .
<unk> buck was at the best moment of this summer is that i threw out the first ball on august third at royal stadium when the royals dan <unk> the uniform of the nineteen twenty four champion kansas city monarchs and even the scoreboard said the athletics versus the monarchs and they played in the baggy pants of .
Yeah .
Wool uniforms and they brought back all these old monarchs to celebrate and i threw out the first pitch to buck .
Talk about some of the myths of baseball .
For example judge <unk> who in a sense came on and gave baseball some integrity after the scandal also is portrayed here as as a man with clay feet .
Tardy on civil rights beyond belief .
It is his death that allows in many ways robinson to advance .
Yeah .
Benjamin chandler happy chandler .
Right .
Becomes the commissioner and he realizes that if you can die at <unk> <unk> and okinawa you can play major league baseball .
Yeah .
After the second world war and for those years <unk> did nothing to help .
And other than the sheer sense of of the significance of it and and and the <unk> of it and the morality of it and the justice of it how did african americans change the game .
Oh in every way .
And you know we traditionally even when we feel sympathetic towards an african american history in our kind of typically patronizing attitude we always <unk> it into some black history month .
Right right .
And still <unk> it still <unk> it .
And what we wanted to do in this was to integrate it from the very first inning on .
They played a different kind of game that was about speed about .
Yeah .
Intelligence about bunting about messing up the pitcher .
Robert <unk> describes watching robinson walk in that first year and then manufacture a run all by himself by <unk> the pitcher by taking long leads and then by the time the pitcher throws back walking till finally the third baseman is being called over to hold robinson on third .
Yeah .
And he said i've never seen that .
Never seen it .
This is one of the .
David halberstam in his book october nineteen sixty four .
Fabulous book .
Talks about how the saint louis cardinals represented the newness of baseball because in the national league you had more african americans bob gibson and and others who .
Right .
And kurt flood .
And kurt flood who'd made that team and then they come in that series against the new york yankees who represented you know .
The old .
The old way .
The old story .
<unk> and also power hitting .
Yes .
With mantle and <unk> versus the new speed of the cardinals with with lou brock for example .
That's right .
Now playing for the cardinals .
And that was a transition too in baseball .
The single most important statistic i've come across and i'm not wedded to statistics .
I love the numbers of baseball but i'm not wedded to it is that in the years after robinson's arrival blacks won the m. v. p. in the national league nine out of the next eleven years .
Yeah .
Now if that does not say and that's when there's just a trickle even in the national league if that doesn't say what we were withholding .
We cannot call it the national pastime .
Does it have the same appeal today to those young athletes whether they're black or white or or hispanic or asian american .
Hispanic .
We open our ninth inning with the <unk> who play in upper manhattan with a fury and a fever that would belie all the <unk> about .
Yeah .
The death of baseball .
It's not as popular but i think baseball's always had these waves .
I have two daughters who we read the box scores .
We play baseball and catch every day .
We love to go to games and as one <unk> reporter i will tell you that there's nothing diminished in the affection of for baseball in our nat .
Before we go i this is an introduction to this film and we're showing it as our last clip but it is about what this game is about .
Take a look at this with this extraordinary aerial shot of night baseball .
Here it is .
Ted williams .
Ted probably for the last time in a boston uniform in this ball park .
There's a drive to deep right center .
This may be gone .
Fred were you back there watching .
Home run .
Ted williams .
<unk> winds and fires .
<unk> lands a base hit into center field .
<unk> around second .
He will score to tie two to two .
Low and o. delivery to fisk .
He swings long drive left field .
If it stays there it's gone .
Home run .
The red sox win and the series is tied three games apiece .
The first thing about it and this seems so obvious that maybe we overlook it baseball is a beautiful thing .
It's more beautiful in an old park that's <unk> and quirky but even and i hate to say this because it might encourage them but even in a dome with artificial turf it's beautiful the way the field fans out the <unk> of the sport the pace and rhythm of it the fact that that pace and rhythm allows for conversation and reflection and opinion and comparison .
It's a pastime something you do .
It's entertainment something you watch and it's shared experience something you you talk about and read about .
And and that's marvelous .
But you can apply those same three criteria to other things .
What makes baseball special is that it's the best game that's ever been devised .
When you look at that and you appreciate the love and the beauty and and all the <unk> of it .
Bart <unk> to me was a hero .
Yes .
And somebody who loved the game and could articulate with a great eloquence the game .
We were going to interview him just after he got back from his vacation after the rose incident .
Right .
Was passed and then we lost him .
Then he had a heart attack .
That's you used to talk about the the fact that it was played outdoors in the sun and the sky and the green and and then the <unk> of the whole thing and all of that .
One more time because if there's been some criticism and i want you to respond to it is this notion that that it is as whitman said a game .
It's our game .
That's the chief fact in connection with it america's game ba ba ba ba ba .
Is it possible to read too much into the history of baseball that it does that that it is not the civil war .
Oh it is most definitely not the .
It's a game .
It is definitely a game but games are a wonderful and particularly this game is sort of the no drama of our culture it's where we play out a lot of our fantasies .
I'm very happy to have bill <unk> have the ball go between his legs .
Yeah .
And not mine .
And i invest things with importance .
And all i've tried to do is not so m. .
Wait wait .
You didn't mind or bill <unk> didn't mind or or .
Oh he .
Or millions of red sox fans didn't mind .
I i die when i see this still .
Yes .
But i'm i prefer it to happen to him .
Right .
We can invest it .
We can we get too silly about it .
But what i think we've done is said if you look at this game it reflects ourselves back to ourselves .
We can read whatever we want .
There are levels to look at baseball and there are levels to look at this series .
It is eighteen and a half hours of the game of baseball .
If you <unk> a little bit between the edges come many of these social themes of race of labor of immigration of women of cities .
If you <unk> a little bit farther you you begin to feel this tidal movement of emotions that reflects some of our our feelings .
Jacques <unk> the columbia university .
Right .
Scholar said whoever wants to know the heart and mind of america had better learn baseball .
I agree .
What about women in baseball .
They have tried to play and have been essentially excluded at the highest professional levels for a long time .
Alta weiss in the first decade of this century played semi professional ball and was so skilled at it that her father eventually bought her a barnstorming team of all stars renamed it the weiss all stars and she was fabulous .
The all american girls league .
And you know what in our lifetime we will see a woman playing in the major leagues .
She'll be a pitcher and she'll throw mostly breaking balls but she will be in the major leagues and then we will truly have a national pastime .
Yeah .
I also mean this in a larger way too .
What about the appeal of a this film or b. baseball to women .
I made it for the woman who says boy i loved the civil war film but baseball .
Baseball .
And i said but you like military history and they say no this is about life lessons and tragedies and classic confrontations and a sense of who we are as a people .
That's all this is .
It's the continuation of that story .
It's the sequel .
Who said history had to be wars and generals and presidents .
We could find the same story of the last one hundred thirty years since the civil war in the writings of women in furniture in architecture .
And i'm saying one way to see it is in baseball and when you study it and you do it in a way that's sympathetic i spent the last year sharing it with particularly those women who say <unk> baseball .
That's for my son .
Yeah .
Or my husband .
And they come away converted .
They say wow .
This is a different story than i understood .
How did it change your attitude about baseball or your understanding of baseball in terms of investing how many years in in .
Four and a half .
Four and a half years .
You know truthfully it liberated something in me emotionally that i had kept in check .
I realized that i could i that i find a certain pleasure in the game of baseball that is indescribable and that i could take it back in and reinvest it .
That was part of seventy five was for me realizing i didn't have to for whatever political reasons of of the war in vietnam and counterculture i didn't need to get rid of this game that had given me so much pleasure as a boy .
And and i think what i've done is in each successive wave as we pass through the film is i deepened my love for the game .
Take me one more time your mother had cancer .
My mother had cancer and i was aware of it from you know three or four years old .
And what .
And so you were you you had the pain of her cancer .
I was just i was a little boy unable to have a childhood .
I was i was suddenly a young man an adult and i had to be strong and there were very few places where you could still be a kid .
She died when i was eleven and even then that didn't stop because you had to continue being strong .
And baseball was one of the places where you could just be a kid .
Do you think that experience somehow made you do what you do now .
Absolutely .
I remember when she was dying i used to listen to the the dogs and the fire hoses in selma and get incredibly anxious and so i brought in from left field the cancer of race that was was killing my country and they and tried to obscure the cancer that was <unk> my family .
And that's why i'm so concerned not just with waking the dead .
Mm .
But with trying to find that that stream where our promise might intersect with our reality .
And i believe as a republic we will have the greatest redemption as a nation if we can ever find the solution to this question of race of why people think that buck o'neil is not the same as me .
And i consider him a member of my family .
I had i'll tell you i made this film for one reason .
I was at the all star game .
I was in the celebrity hitting contest and it was a charity event and upper deck was doing giving charities .
And people did big brother big sister in this hospital .
Mine was the negro league museum .
And a reporter came up to me and said another reporter had said to him what's ken <unk> charity and he said the negro league <unk> and he goes i didn't know ken burns was black .
When we don't have to wonder whether i'm black or white to be interested in the negro league museum is when we will have accomplished what we set out to do and all of these things whether it's baseball the civil war huey long thomas jefferson the congress .
The things that you have done as a <unk> .
They are all an attempt to sort of describe either the negative or the positive a possibility a possibility for us .
And and so who is ken burns .
Is he he's a historian .
He's a filmmaker .
He's a he's what .
What's he building .
What is the body of work .
Well i you know what i discovered in this product is that i've been paying lip service to this idea that i'm interested in this question who are we as a people .
Right .
Right .
What i discovered in this sort of .
You're interested in .
Who am i and just go farther .
That's an obvious thing for a filmmaker to be interested in but it's each one of these <unk> these projects reflects something back about me and that i am interested in an american character but i'm interested first in why what the complicated pain or joy of this american character is and these films help narrow down the observations .
So i am first and foremost a filmmaker .
I am an amateur historian completely untrained .
I rely on the expertise of distinguished historians who advise us on every project .
But it is the choice of history is like a painter choosing oils instead of <unk> .
I'm first and foremost a filmmaker .
I it's a wonderful series because it is about america .
You have an opportunity to to experience things about baseball that you don't know .
I had an opportunity the other night to go to the hall of fame for tennis .
I mean i'm a tennis player .
And there in that room were some of the legends of tennis and it brought it alive to me .
You go back to to dad and bring them alive in this film adn bring alive the history of what this sport has meant to us and and what it means to the american psyche .
You do it with the help of people from steven j. gould to as we say to mario cuomo and bob costas and people who knew the people who made the game .
My congratulations ken .
Thank you charlie .
Thank you for joining us .
Ken burns .
Baseball began on september eighteenth .
It will continue for nine innings that's nine consecutive nights with a break for the weekend .
Ken burns the filmmaker the creator of the series .
Thank you for joining us this evening .
We look forward to seeing you next time .
See you then .
It measures just nine inches in circumference weighs only about five ounces and is made of cork wound with <unk> yarn covered with two layers of <unk> and stitched by hand precisely two hundred sixteen times .
It travels sixty feet six inches from the pitcher's mound to home and it can cover that distance at nearly one hundred miles an hour .
Along the way it can be made to twist spin curve wobble rise or fall away .
