Science means exploring the unknown and that's just what a team of researchers is doing eighty feet below the surface of one the world's largest <unk> springs .
On the surface florida's silver springs is a peaceful tourist attraction where glass bottom boats glide across smooth waters .
But below that smooth surface is a powerful rush of water and a mystery .
This is mammoth spring the source of the silver river and the major spring in the silver spring system .
Almost five hundred thousand gallons per minute erupt from the maze of caves and crevices under the spring .
Now cave divers and scientists are teaming up to map the spring and try to trace the water back to its sources .
The water creates the caves so we follow the water to find where it has been building caves for fifty thousand one million thousand years however many however long it's been existing .
The spring doesn't give up its secrets easily .
The entrance cave is <unk> but on its floor the water <unk> through a jumble of boulders from a long ago rock slide .
<unk> and the other divers have been picking their way between the boulders finding passages they can follow deeper into the spring .
Sometimes they explore <unk> so narrow that they have to take the air tanks off their backs and carry them .
A lot of these little areas are no more than body sizes .
Like this right here it's just enough to fit your body in here with your tank in front of you .
They've reached a clay like layer that starts about sixty five feet below the surface .
This clay layer only seems to be ten to fifteen feet tall some places only eight feet thick so and we're talking down here is like eighty feet there's areas where i can see through little <unk> down here where i can see down to like the level of one hundred twenty foot in depth .
So the challenge now is to find a way through the clay into the ground water that feeds the spring .
As soon as we get through this clay layer we'll get down into this massive <unk> that's down here where all this water is just boiling up .
That could mean a much larger underwater cave a place where humans have never set foot .
Getting that deep could help the explorers solve one mystery about mammoth spring why the water is always colder on one side than the other .
They think the spring may be fed by two <unk> <unk> .
This project is not just about tracing the spring back to its source .
The biologist on the team is collecting tiny shrimp like animals that live in the caves .
There's a gap in our information as far as the distribution of the cave these underwater cave adapted animals in florida .
So we'd like to add to our information .
The geologist is analyzing the water chemistry .
Well we want to know what kind of minerals are in the water .
If there are high <unk> then that would indicate the water is perhaps coming from some deeper source .
And mammoth spring is loaded with fossils from <unk> and other prehistoric animals and plants .
Yeah that's this is another thing that makes this cave so awesome is anywhere you're traveling underground in florida you're going through fossil layers .
To map the cave and keep track of their findings the explorers run a guide line wherever they go .
This guide line is has measurement increments already installed in the line and as we lay this line straight from point to point it not only acts as our back up navigation to follow our way out but it's our data base .
All our measurements all our scientific data all our photographs all our sketches are taken from this line at a given point .
So whatever data we have in the office we can go right to the line plot and say it was taken right here bam .
<unk> says every time the explorers dive they increase their chances of finding a passage that will get them through the clay layer and closer to finding the source of mammoth spring .
Up next on science and technology week these tall plants aren't trees but they could end up saving some .
We'll show you how .
By they way if you'd like to order teaching materials call one eight hundred three six seven three one seven oh monday through friday .
