The rush hour fantasy of every forlorn commuter may one day be a reality .
C. n. n.'s tony clark reports the frustration of freeway gridlock could be <unk> by the freedom of flight .
Did you ever get stuck in traffic and wish you could turn your car into a plane and just fly above it all .
Texas engineer ken <unk> has .
When my i had my children i'd be going down the road on a trip you know out on the highway and i would always tease them that pull back on the steering wheel and we're going to take off and fly on our trip .
And i would always do that .
Now <unk> is trying to turn that dream into a reality .
This is the prototype of his air car .
We start the air car just like you start your car with a key in the ignition switch .
<unk> is the designer of a tilt rotor airplane and was the lead engine at bell helicopter before taking early retirement .
He probably has a good chance of making this thing work .
He's a good practical engineer .
The idea for a flying car has been around since the early days of airplanes .
This nineteen seventeen issue of scientific american features one man's attempt .
It flew but not very well .
In the years that followed there were a number of other tries .
One of them was actually going to be produced out in san diego by the <unk> corporation and they were well into projecting upward of one thousand six hundred dollars a year .
But the market did not materialize after world war two .
The key to <unk> design is a single lightweight engine and wings compact enough to allow it to travel in a single lane of traffic .
<unk> has flown radio controlled models of his air car and has conducted wind tunnel tests .
His current full sized <unk> can operate like a car .
The next step is to build a full sized prototype that will fly .
The air car would fly up to three hundred ten miles an hour and operate on normal automobile fuel .
On the road it would top out at sixty five miles an hour .
You could land at an airport drive over the terminal to make a phone call and to drive into town with it drive back take off and fly back to your starting point .
And that's the real practical thing about this particular air car .
The air car is featured on the cover of popular mechanics magazine and is a finalist for discover magazine's technology innovations award .
The challenge facing ken <unk> though is to perfect the air car so it is featured in parking lots .
