After sixteen years of struggle john demjanjuk is just hours away from a final verdict by israel's supreme court .
Is he the notorious nazi death camp guard ivan the terrible or is he a victim of mistaken identity .
C. n. n.'s jerrold kessel looks at the issues surrounding this crucial decision .
Even before his extradition john demjanjuk claimed he was a victim of mistaken identity .
The question of whether he is the notorious ivan the terrible of treblinka or as he asserts never a part of the nazi death machine has dominated the years of legal proceedings .
For more than a year five israeli high court judges have weighed the main conflicting testimony that of death camp survivors who eyeball to eyeball fingered demjanjuk as the man who had <unk> presided over the gas chambers in treblinka where eight hundred seventy thousand people were sent to their deaths and new evidence which came to light only after the original trial was over testimony from ukrainian guards at the death camp that ivan the terrible was actually another man .
An agonizing legal and moral choice for the court .
I feel an innocent man going to the ghettos .
On the other hand he can talk so very tough on a whole new point of view 'til he leaves a person who committed such harsh war crime while there are still here in israel people who are claiming who testified under oath that he is ivan the terrible .
The emotionally charged trial had prompted charges from the defense of a shrewd trial .
Demjanjuk was found guilty and sentenced to hang still he proclaimed his innocence .
The appeal was held up after a survivor of the nazi horrors threw acid in the face of demjanjuk's israeli attorney .
It was only during the delay that the new evidence from the then soviet union was <unk> from previously inaccessible <unk> files .
As a result attorney <unk> is sure there can only be one conclusion .
No court in the western world can decide other than acquittal vis a vis this material .
Even if the high court finds there is reasonable doubt about convicting demjanjuk as ivan the terrible the seventy three year old defendant might still say legal experts be found guilty for other death camp activities .
Some <unk> fear an acquittal of demjanjuk could impair future hunts for nazi war criminals and few arguments of those who seek to deny that the holocaust took place at all .
Those were not issues at stake here .
There's a student of the meaning of the holocaust .
The attitude toward the holocaust is much deeper than anything that could come out of this trial .
It was really not a trial with the holocaust in its center it was a trial with john demjanjuk in its center .
What the high court will announce on thursday is their ruling on the mystery of the identity of john demjanjuk and whether he personally had a role in the nazi mass killing that and that alone .
Jerrold kessel c. n. n. jerusalem .
