Everyone could use little helpers during the busy holiday season .
Actually i could use some tall ones i've got <unk> that are all full of leaves .
But santa claus apparently is no exception .
That's right the jolly old man has a hard time keeping up with the flood of mail from hopeful and often needy children .
C. n. n.'s don knapp drops in on some helpers hoping to make a difference .
And some of these kids have like really extensive lists .
They just go on for pages .
Letters from santa always get read mostly by helpers like portland <unk> .
With all the greed and all the violence you want to support and encourage these gentle thoughts these kids' hopes .
<unk> and other <unk> helpers give up a lunch hour or part of a day to read letters to santa .
Large post offices work with community volunteers to help santa with his mail and christmas gifts .
Some letters get right to the point .
Please bring me a teddy bear .
Please do as say .
Others apologize .
I was o. k. this year but i told some <unk> .
I'm just going to ask for a few things .
You've got to tell it straight when you're writing directly to santa .
If it looks like a letter to santa it probably is .
About ten thousand to fifteen thousand find their way to san francisco's post office .
Chief <unk> helper lorraine alarcon sorts out about five hundred that sound like they're from especially needy children .
We ask the public to come down here and read the letters and choose the ones they want to answer either by purchasing a present or answering it with a letter .
And to try to help people that can't get you know normal things that we think are everyday normal things and they can't like food and a christmas tree and stuff like that .
They send me a letter that tells me if you are real or if my mom is signing the cards with your name on it .
Some letters are pretty funny .
I really want to see you .
Are you super fat .
Others pretty serious .
Often the letters to santa tell a whole lot about the kids that write them .
This little girl wants a long skirt to keep her warm and some gifts for her brothers and sisters .
She also wants santa to get her father out of jail so he can come home and help her mom with the kids .
<unk> helpers aren't all cute and cuddly elves .
He was an off duty police officer .
He told me he actually dresses up as santa and delivers the presents .
And he says he loved it he just loves it .
Yes virginia there is a santa claus with lots and lots of helpers down at the post office .
