Mobile homes seemed to be a favorite target of hurricane andrew and now they're in the political <unk> .
Some cities want to ban them as unsafe .
As c. n. n.'s john zarrella reports the debate has made its way to capitol hill .
Consider these numbers of the one thousand one hundred seventy six mobile homes in homestead all but nine were destroyed reduced by hurricane andrew to heaps of crushed and <unk> debris .
Out of this rubble questions have emerged .
Should federal manufactured housing standards be tougher .
Would stronger regulations have made a difference .
Disaster researchers engineers federal officials and representatives from industry and private organization gave testimony tuesday before a house subcommittee .
The manufactured housing industry was hit as hard as andrew hit south florida .
My colleagues in other states share similar stories of poorly built non <unk> yet hud labelled homes .
But a federal housing official argued there wasn't much that stood up to andrew's assault .
In the homestead area the vast majority of the manufactured homes observed were destroyed .
And manufactured homes hud officials say are an important source of low cost housing .
In florida alone more than one point three million people live in them but in homestead there may be far fewer in the future .
City officials have passed an ordinance allowing only temporary permits for mobile homes .
Hurricane experts say the simple fact is that no mobile home will ever stand up to a major hurricane .
But there are alternatives .
What we need to do is to make sure those mobile home communities have an on site place of refuge for their residents .
This is not the first time debate over manufactured housing has come up .
Hurricanes elena in nineteen eighty five and hugo in nineteen eighty nine both stirred the issue .
In fact a national commission was created two years ago to study the safety and regulation of manufactured homes .
The commission has yet to meet still awaiting authorization and appropriation from congress .
