Nineteen ninety three was a banner year for stocks and bonds as the dow jones industrial average set some thirty records and interest rates tumbled but buyer beware some say investors are poised for a fall .
Where should you put your money in ninety four .
We'll ask the experts tonight on inside business .
Welcome risk and reward that's the classic trade off for investors and in nineteen ninety three millions of americans decided to roll the dice and take their chances on stocks and bonds .
Individual investors funneled billions of dollars into mutual funds as they sought higher returns than their local bank could offer and that helped propel stocks to record highs and long term interest rates to record lows .
But will the turn of the new year be more sobering than <unk> for investors .
While many experts say this bull has just begun others warn of trouble ahead .
Forecasting a ten percent drop in stock prices early next year puts david shulman in the minority on wall street .
We think nineteen ninety four will be a difficult year for investors harder than this year .
More analysts sound like this .
I think in nineteen ninety four we'll continue to see stock prices moving higher but i wouldn't expect it will be a very dramatic year for the market overall .
The wall street consensus can be summed up in what's become a cliche cautiously optimistic .
But a number of wild cards could divert the <unk> that has carried stocks twelve percent higher this year .
Perhaps the biggest one is interest rates .
If the economy starts to grow more quickly and inflation heats up rates will head higher .
That could siphon off the flow of funds into stocks that's helped propel the dow industrials to successive records .
Another wild card the investors themselves .
Small investors came back into the market in nineteen ninety three in force and that worries some analysts who say they are more likely to dump shares at the slightest volatility .
But talk of a <unk> been around for some time and so far stocks are still at record highs .
I think investors rather than jumping off the ship shall we say as time has gone one they've sort of adjusted to these worries and these scares and say look show me .
Show me something that's changed .
Then i'll sell .
Until then most analysts are looking for still more money to flow into the stock market if only by default .
With banks paying the lowest rates in years there aren't a lot of alternatives .
When we come back i'll be talking with two investment strategists about the outlook for nineteen ninety four michael metz from oppenheimer and company and ronald hill of brown brothers harriman .
Stay with us .
Welcome back to inside business .
By some accounts this is the longest bull run of the century .
Can the good times continue or is this bull getting a little old .
Joining me now with the investment outlook for nineteen ninety four and a take on nineteen ninety three are michael metz he is chief investment strategist of oppenheimer and company and ronald hill investment strategist from brown brothers harriman .
Welcome both of you .
Thank you .
Now as i understand it we have a bull and a bear here .
Ron how bullish are you .
Cautiously optimistic here .
Cautiously optimistic o. k. .
Yes let's admit the market's had a nice run .
We're in the fourth year of a bull market .
We only have one of those on record since world war two that was eighty six to eighty seven and so at high levels of p. slash e. ratios low levels of dividend yield you don't want to expect too much but still like the long term average nine ten percent total return basis on the s. and p. five hundred probably a little better on the dow jones industrials for nineteen ninety four looks doable to us .
O. k. what about you michael .
You don't agree with that do you .
No i don't .
I think as they say in the beer commercials it doesn't get any better than this .
I think we've had the best of all possible worlds low inflation low interest rates and orderly business recovery .
I think both bond and stock markets peaked in october .
I think it's going to be a very difficult nineteen ninety four .
Translate that into numbers for me .
What is a difficult nineteen ninety four mean .
Well difficult that's the euphemism for down .
I think if you're an <unk> you'll lose money in nineteen ninety four .
Any idea how much .
Enough to be painful i'd say .
Minimum of fifteen percent on the down side during the year .
That's a pretty good correction .
All right you obviously disagree rather substantially on the outlook .
Let me ask if we agree at least on the sort of fundamental analysis of what happened in nineteen ninety three .
Am i right in saying that what we saw was liquidity .
We saw low interest rates driving people into the stock market and to a certain extent into bonds as well .
Is that correct michael .
I think basically that is the story and the real question for ninety four is whether that urgency to get higher yields from stocks continues and in my judgment we've seen the low in interest rates for a variety of factors and as interest rates move up particularly in the loan sector i think that urgency to jump into stocks wanes and i think the stock market will suffer from malnutrition .
It won't get that mutual fund inflow .
Do you think that interest rates are headed back up .
Well i think i would look at the other side of the equation which is short term money market rates .
The money that's coming into the stock market being driven in large part by people exiting the c. d. market because they just can't live with two and one half to three percent returns from their bank .
I don't see that changing any time soon .
The loan demand remains low .
The banks do not need money .
There is no loan demand .
Until you get a really strong economy and the banks want to bid up for your deposits they're still going to pay you two and one half to three percent and people are going to get fed up with that .
So in nineteen ninety four you don't think americans have any incentive to put their money in the bank anymore than they did in ninety three .
Not at the outset they certainly don't .
Actually you saw a low point in commercial industrial loan demand about two months ago .
It's starting to pick up .
One of the major reasons that long term rates went down is that banks accumulated bond positions to the highest degree in history .
If you also look at the banking figures that accumulation ended about two months ago .
I think you're seeing a switch .
So am i correct what you're both saying to me is that you think interest rates for a variety of reasons will remain low unless and until the economy really takes off .
No that's not my view .
I think interest rates have seen their low .
No .
I think the real question here is longer term rates .
I think short rates will probably edge up a little bit although my guess is the fed will probably push short rates up in order to encourage the bond market long term .
All right so short rates are not going to move much .
Where you see the biggest change coming is in the long term end of the market .
That's correct .
But that's an inflation sensitivity argument and right now let's face it metals prices and the economy are looking quite strong but they looked wonderful in the fourth quarter of last year also only to get <unk> by a very weak first quarter following .
And i think you have a very real probability that the first quarter of nineteen ninety four is going to be a lot weaker than the fourth quarter of nineteen ninety three and that again takes a lot of pressure off that .
It probably takes away some of that inflation argument .
What do you think mike .
No i think the move in industrial commodity prices is for real .
The major <unk> influence has been liquidation from the commonwealth of independent states .
I think that's run its course .
Michael what about oil prices .
They've been going down .
That helps produce deflation .
Yes but my point on there is that you're probably at the bottom for oil prices and that's already had it's <unk> influence .
I think it's going to work the other way in ninety four .
So your sentiment is that we're going to see a bit of inflation coming and that's going to push long term rates up .
Yes but most importantly i'd say this .
For the market to go higher you don't have to have flat inflation have to have lower inflation .
In my opinion it doesn't get lower .
Ron .
I think for the market to move higher you need to have stable interest rate environment and rising earnings which i do foresee because i see economic activity picking up .
What i think is really crucial is that the nominal level of economic activity doesn't improve that much .
It's just that the mix gets better .
There's more real growth less inflation in components there .
Therefore i think the fed doesn't move because they're really <unk> i think on the nominal growth rate in the economy .
All right so we're not going to see you think the federal reserve pushing interest rates higher at the short end .
Number .
I thought i heard a point of agreement between the two of you there on one thing part of what's been driving the stock market up is individuals putting their money into mutual funds chasing higher yields than they can get at the bank .
What kind of investors are these individuals .
Are they long haul players mike or are they nervous <unk> .
That's the trillion dollar question .
We really don't know because a lot of them were never in the market before and they're in there because of yield .
So i think the real question is do they panic or change their investment strategy or their asset preferences if they sense that interest rates are going up .
I think that does happen and i think that's a major potential negative .
Something that could hasten the correction .
I think it would <unk> it .
Make it happen faster in a shorter period of days .
That's right yes .
We're not talking about a crash here .
No but i think we are caught .
I frankly think you're going to see a mini crash in the bond market .
I think trend followers there including banks highly leveraged positions by individuals will sense the direction of long term rates as up again and i think you could see a really deep deep correction in the bond market very quickly .
Now i know you're not looking for really a correction in stock or bonds too much ron but let me ask you if you think these are a bunch of nervous <unk> first time equity market investors out there .
I didn't use those terms .
You didn't use them .
I used them .
I think they are people who are not used to owning equities that is correct .
However they are being forced into equities and longer term financial assets because they're going to live longer .
They're learning i think through four oh one k. plans through defined contribution plans from their employers that they must make responsible decisions for their investment horizon and we live longer now and the fact is you can't go to bonds at sixty and expect at eighty five to have any kind of lifestyle relative to what you expected when you did that .
Do you think the people who are now putting money in mutual funds for the first time realize this .
Do you think they are in there for the long haul or they're going to yank their money out at the first sign of any trouble .
There will be certain people who will yank their money but i think there's a major portion of those people who are in for the long haul and remember a lot of that money which is flowing in through four oh one k. plans cannot be <unk> anyway in a sense because you can't get at it until you're fifty nine and one half at a minimum .
So i think that there is an incentive there to stay longer term for some of these people and also remember as long as inflation stays low owning hard assets doesn't really drive up your net worth quite as much as it has in the past in the eighty's for example .
And so we're going from a regular low point of ownership of equities up to i think a level that's more like we saw in the sixty's .
One fact i'd like to bring out is according to the s. e. c. surveys of individual investors fully a third of them think that their mutual fund investments are guaranteed by the federal government .
This to me is a terrifying statistic .
If you're right about the market's direction they're going to be in for a rude awakening .
I think unfortunately a lot of people who are buying stocks really don't know the risks involved in it .
We need to take a break on that note right here .
When inside business returns i'm going to talk to my guests about international travel not yours but your money's .
Stay with us .
Welcome back to inside business .
We're discussing the investment outlook for nineteen ninety four .
I want to ask a little bit about the economic outlook .
Michael if you're right and we're looking for a ten to fifteen percent correction in the stock market in nineteen ninety four what impact does that have on the real economy .
That's a very interesting question very difficult one to answer .
In nineteen eighty seven the impact of the market decline on the real economy was nil because the trauma really was restricted to a few hundred thousand margin players .
My point is today you have millions of people who will have a wealth effect who will feel poor if the market goes down so my feeling is that a significant decline in the market would have a significant <unk> impact on consumer demand in the real economy .
Ron do you agree with that .
To get to your decline though we'd have to have rising inflation which means the value of our homes would go up again which i thought was the key in eighty seven because house prices didn't collapse and that's where we had our sense of real net worth and consumption actually pulled back as housing prices came down more than any stock correction .
But you could make the argument people feel less good about the value of their houses now and they feel like more of their future's tied up in their portfolio .
But if you're starting to see your house roll up again in price i think you know you begin to feel .
Ron you can have inflation without house prices going up .
So you're bullish on real estate .
You're saying maybe skip the stock market and buy a house .
No only if his scenario comes true .
O. k. what is your scenario .
You're looking for stocks to appreciate modestly .
What did you say maybe nine ten percent on the s. and p. a little better on the dow .
Right .
If that happens do a lot of people get wealthier and spend more money .
They don't .
It's like this year .
It doesn't feel tremendously getting right what you're seeing is you know nine ten percent is not a spectacular golly i made a lot of money in the stock market this year kind of feeling .
What it is is i made more money than i made in cash and i feel a little better .
O. k. one place where the stock market's run up in nineteen ninety three helped the real economy is it made it easier for a lot of businesses to raise money with initial public offerings .
Ron do you think that given you're a little bullish on the stock market here the pace of initial public offerings will continue .
We've done one hundred twenty six billion dollar net here over the past couple of years .
We did five hundred fifty billion dollars out from eighty three to eighty nine .
So we're in the process of replacing a lot of equity we took out of the market in the eighty's .
So i think there's probably more to go and i don't think that's a negative .
And you think there's an appetite out there .
People will <unk> the stuff up .
And also we're replacing expensive debt for cheap equity with cheap equity for .
And we're replacing cheap stock with very overpriced stock in i. p. o.'s .
O. k. i hear seeds of disagreement here .
Explain this to me .
No but the i. p. o. market is really a function of general euphoria and general market levels .
If i'm correct and there's a vague chance i might be that the market goes down in ninety four you'll see that i. p. o. market disappear completely and by the way i think the big disasters of nineteen ninety four are going to be the i. p. o.'s of nineteen ninety three .
Really you think so .
Yes .
Those stocks are going to suffer the most in the direction you anticipate .
Indeed a lot of them were fad stocks a lot of them in telecommunications other areas had no earnings no dividends no real businesses .
I think they're going to be disasters .
The high stock prices in nineteen ninety three the rise in stock prices also fueled a bit of a boom in takeover activity .
Briefly michael do you see that continuing .
Oh yes and it's takeovers for stock rather than cash .
And you think that'll continue in ninety four even if the market gets corrected .
Yeah there's an industrial rationale for it i think it does continue .
You agree so we can see the mergers and acquisitions people the investment bankers can be happy about the outlook for ninety four at least .
Let me talk about international investing .
The big interesting story this year has been the tumbling of the tokyo stock market .
There's been a real radical drop there .
It doesn't seem to have affected economies much in the rest of the world .
Are americans very exposed to what happens in tokyo and does it have any financial implications for americans or anybody else .
I don't think it has any real impact for our market .
The big question mark is whether the japanese <unk> capital and sell their holdings here .
I think they're selling they're real estate here making the bottom perhaps but i don't think it's the major negative no .
Ron .
They've already sold most of the bond holdings as well and i think the stock holdings are more longer term from the people i talk to in japan .
Seeing big rallies in european markets .
Is that going to siphon a lot of money out of the u. s. .
It has already .
But frankly my guess is we're synchronized for a world wide major correction beginning in the first quarter of ninety four .
So they're going to get it too .
In europe and southeast in my guess yes .
Ron .
I still think there's probably another two hundred basis points to go on german interest rates on the down side .
Europe floats up on liquidity and i think stays up on the basis of secular growth .
We have only a few seconds remaining .
Michael first you and then ron you .
What's the best place to put your money in the environment that you expect .
Gold stocks i think gold will sell at five hundred dollars an ounce in ninety four unless it doesn't .
Unless it doesn't here's a hedge .
What about you ron .
I think <unk> sensitive stocks telecommunications also something to do with computers et cetera .
Very different recommendations very different bets .
We'll have to have you back in a few months and see who wins .
If we're still employed .
Oh you'll still be employed i'm sure .
The rest of us we don't know about .
Thank you both very much michael metz from oppenheimer and company and also ron hill from brown brothers harriman .
Inside business will return in just a moment with a look at the best and worst performing mutual funds of nineteen ninety three .
Stay with us .
Total assets in mutual funds hit nearly two trillion dollars as of october of nineteen ninety three and today there are more funds than there are issues that trade on the new york stock exchange .
Overall it was a healthy year for returns but if you invested in international or precious metals funds you were ahead of the pack .
Leading the top five performing mutual funds in nineteen ninety three lexington strategic investments surging two hundred forty seven percent united services gold gaining one hundred eleven percent van <unk> international investors up one hundred five percent fidelity select precious metals growing one hundred two percent and blanchard precious metals giving returns of ninety nine percent .
Of the worst performing funds pilgrim corporate utilities down by eighteen percent <unk> strategic health sciences off twelve percent dean witter capital growth falling ten percent excel value and <unk> strategic environmental services both losing nine percent of their value .
Of the largest equity mutual funds <unk> magellan fund is up twenty two percent on the year investment company of america up about eleven percent washington mutual investors gaining twelve percent or so vanguard <unk> growing by eighteen percent and income fund of america up twelve percent .
But remember past performance does not predict future returns .
That's this edition of inside business .
