Clinton as watchdog and humorist .
A war of words between president clinton and senate minority leader bob dole of kansas has quickly escalated .
Mr. clinton launched the first verbal strike at a washington dinner over the weekend .
I do want to apologize to senator dole about one thing seriously .
We had this huge fight in the congress on this jobs program and the core of the republican attack in the senate was the community development block grant program which was really a republican idea that i like because it gave governors and mayors the chance to create jobs and for twelve years i used it to put our people to work and senator dole and all his republicans said you just don't understand .
This thing's full of pork .
It's a dad gum scandal .
I was appalled and then i read yesterday in the wall street journal about a senator from kansas who asked for twenty three million dollars of that money to convert a senior citizen center to a boat house in kansas .
And he was right after all .
And i apologize to senator dole .
The president was referring to a letter from dole requesting a waiver from the government to turn a former senior citizen center into a privately run boat house .
The letter was asking for permission to <unk> the vacant building and use it as a bath house not money .
Dole responded today with a news release charging or rather calling the charges a twenty three dollar million <unk> and there's no way the white house can defend it. he states the white house lied .
And finishes with if the white house wants to play hard ball i'm ready to suit up .
President clinton's draft record has prompted some people to try to plan his memorial day .
One place some veterans don't want the president to visit the vietnam war memorial .
A north carolina man has started a postcard campaign urging the president to stay away .
It's not a sentiment shared by all .
Some veterans from vietnam are calling the drive divisive .
A spokesman says six hundred of the cards have been received by the white house so far about three hundred fifty thousand of the cards were printed .
The democratic control house ways and means committee begins sifting through the president's tax proposals this week .
Tomorrow it's scheduled to begin writing its version of the bill .
Among the tax increases considered raising the thirty one percent top rate on individuals to thirty six percent imposing a ten percent surtax on taxable incomes over two hundred fifty thousand dollars and a tax on various fuels depending on energy content .
Tax cuts could include allowing small businesses a permanent seven percent investment credit and expanding the earned income credit for low income workers .
The rough and tumble u. s. senate race in texas is not over .
Republican kay bailey hutchison the state treasurer finished first in saturday's twenty four candidate race .
She says her democratic run off opponent is an insider whose tactics are down and dirty .
The target of her ire is incumbent senator bob krueger who finished a few hundred votes behind hutchison .
He says she's a lot more inside than he is and questions her integrity as well .
The run off election is expected to be called for june fifth .
Meantime voters in <unk> first congressional district go to the polls tomorrow to fill the seat vacated by defense secretary les aspin .
The major party contenders state representative peter <unk> a moderate democrat and mark newman a conservative republican who tried to unseat aspin last fall .
And on the agenda in ohio tomorrow a special election to fill the house seat vacated by republican bill gradison .
He resigned in january to head the health insurance association of america .
Coming up next on inside politics playing to an audience that has been known to give him a rough time the president trying to get the last laugh .
Finally another washington ritual that's supposed to foster good will between the white house and the news media through humor and rubbing <unk> after hours .
President clinton used lots of one liners saturday night at the white house correspondents dinner .
Here's a sample of the president poking fun at himself and his administration .
I've been wondering about these grades on a hundred days .
You can't imagine how disappointed i am by this whole grade thing because my mother still keeps all those report cards on her refrigerator .
I knew you'd give hillary higher marks than me .
It's just like law school all over again .
I am not doing so bad i mean at this point in his administration william henry harrison had been dead for sixty eight days .
I've kept all my major campaign promises .
I said i'd make my white house staff twenty five percent smaller .
I mean compare marlin fitzwater and george stephanopoulos .
There's a lot of heartbreak associated with this job .
When i first took this job i dreamed that in a hundred days i'd pick up a newspaper and read about a populist president who'd broken the gridlock and gotten popular approval for a dramatic economic program and enjoyed the support of his people and i did and i resent the hell out of boris yeltsin .
I've got a lot to learn you know .
I was so worried about hillary and i bringing our daughter to washington and all the influences that might affect her .
Just since she's been here she's told me she no longer believes in the easter bunny or santa claus or even the tooth fairy .
I was afraid it was that new school she was going to .
And so i had this serious talk with her .
I said did you learn all this at your school and she said no i just had a long talk with leon panetta .
Look at old leon .
You know leon's a good catholic .
He just can't keep it straight when he's supposed to go to confession .
That's all for this edition of inside politics .
I'm bernard shaw .
