There is an urgent need to find the keys to ethnic harmony .
Analysis of the nineteen ninety census data is painting a portrait of the united states marked by diversity .
As c. n. n.'s jamie mcintyre reports some fear the diverse populations could foster conflicting purposes .
<unk> say the california of today <unk> the america of tomorrow .
More ethnically diverse and more politically divisive .
In california the term minority is beginning to sound obsolete .
One of every four california cities above fifty thousand in population has no racial or ethnic majority of any kind .
In other words population experts say the old american melting pot is becoming more of an ethnic mosaic .
There's been more increase in ethnic diversity than at any time since the great waves of immigration at the turn of the century .
Immigration and higher birth rates accounted for the big increases in minority populations in the eighties .
The number of americans identifying themselves as hispanic jumped fifty three percent to nine percent of the population .
The number of african americans rose thirteen percent and now make up twelve percent of the population .
Asians and pacific islanders were the fastest growing group up one hundred eight percent but are only three percent of the population .
And whites which include some hispanics grew just six percent but are still eighty percent of all americans .
But <unk> say not only is the face of america becoming less white it's getting more wrinkles too .
And experts say that long predicted <unk> of america is setting the stage for a clash between two of the fastest growing groups younger minorities and older whites .
Ten years ago americans sixty five or older made up eleven percent of the population .
By nineteen ninety the percentage was closer to thirteen percent .
But projections forecast that number will nearly double by two thousand twenty five to more than twenty percent as baby boomers hit old age .
Well this shift is already having an effect on the political landscape in certain communities .
For example we've recently seen communities where older mostly white voters defeated school bond issues where children are mostly minority children .
The lesson says the chairman of the subcommittee examining census trends is that congress must work not only on <unk> today's fires of racial and ethnic content but engage in some fire prevention for the future .
If we don't we'll do nothing but fight fires well into the twenty first century .
