In washington today a sign of just how difficult it will be for congress to produce a balanced budget .
Today a bipartisan commission charged with recommending cuts and entitlement programs throwing up its hands .
The presidential commission reporting that it simply could not reach agreement on any recommendations .
The senators heading the panel bob kerrey and john danforth had suggested cuts in social security and medicare last week but quickly abandoned those ideas .
Well take all the tax cut plans floating around now in washington and add in the budget cutting plans and the deficit reduction plans and my guest tonight finds his nineteen ninety five calendar already half full .
Joining me tonight from our studios in washington d. c. the incoming chairman of the house budget committee congressman john kasich republican of ohio .
Congressman good to have you with us .
Hi lou .
Well you've got a lot of tax cut plans .
You've got all sorts of ways now being talked about .
I can't recall a time frankly that we've had so much talk about budget cuts .
How much is doable and how soon .
Well lou we're going to carry out the contract .
We gave our word that we would carry out the republican contract that we took to america and we said we would do it in the first one hundred days and we will do that .
And i think what's most important for your listeners to be aware of is that we don't plan to give tax relief until we in fact downsize government .
Our plans are to and we are telling you and we mean that everything is on the table except for social security .
We are going to make hard choices in these first one hundred days to pay for this contract .
There should be no confusion about that .
And then we will move we will move quickly to try to develop the program once the balanced budget amendment passes to get on a glide path towards zero in two thousand two .
So we're very serious and we think the american people want this to be done .
Based on the elections in november it looks like they very much want this done .
The idea of a balanced budget amendment moving against unfunded mandates certainly high on the priority .
There are as you know plenty of skeptics who say that this can't be done in a hundred days even if it is done by the house that it won't be moved by the senate and that the senate will provide cover for the entire contract .
What is the thinking amongst the leadership on this issue .
Lou every time we have a vote on tough spending proposals somebody is always arguing that it's not real that's it really covered .
The entire house of representatives is going to be forced to vote on reducing the size and the scope of both domestic discretionary and in fact entitlement programs in the first one hundred days to pay for the contract .
We've argued all along .
There are provisions in the contract that provide for family tax relief and we pay for that by downsizing government .
And we also hope to provide risk taking and incentives in forms of a lower capital gains tax which we think that the white house it's looks as though they're kind of copying a lot of these things .
It looked like they might take some piece of that .
But the bottom line and everybody should know it is that we intend to deliver on a smaller more innovative more creative less intrusive federal government in order to pay for these programs .
Now congressman you said that they're copying .
Isn't that really just another expression of bipartisanship .
Well lou we're excited about the fact that the president is apparently now saying he wants to privatize the f. a. a. a republican proposal from a year ago .
We're excited about the fact that they're looking at eliminating maybe a department .
We would encourage him to do it .
We're very happy that the president's saying that everything is going to be on the table .
We think they're moving in the right direction .
And the greatest thing would be for the white house and the republicans on capitol hill to work together to downsize government because that's what people want and they will be the beneficiaries of it .
A couple of quick questions if i may .
One is how much would you like to see government downsized .
Our sources suggest that the president will not suggest eliminating a department .
Is that a priority eliminating departments reaching that deeply .
Well tonight i'm not prepared to put all the specifics because we're a team on the budget committee and we're a team in the republican conference .
But we are looking at dramatic changes in the bureaucracy .
We've already proposed eliminating the commerce department and pass budgets and also including eliminating the interstate commerce commission .
I think we will see even bolder steps than those but it would be premature to start listing particular bureaucracies .
But we are looking at the federal budget from top to bottom to figure out whether the programs ought to be continued whether there can be cuts whether there can be <unk> whether there can be privatization or whether we can turn responsibilities along with money in easing of regulations back to the states .
There's going to be a big exhaustive look at all of this .
O. k. .
Well we look forward to the process beginning for january .
Thank you .
Congressman john kasich thanks for being with us .
Well coming up next myron kandel has some thoughts on how the stock market may ring in the new year .
