Good day .
Interest rates could be heading higher .
Alan greenspan this week told house members that while the pace of the recovery is improving inflation is disappointing .
In his semi annual testimony to the house greenspan said if inflationary pressures increase the fed would have to hike short term interest rates .
Later in the week greenspan clarified his statement before contentious senate members who said the threat of higher interest rates sends the wrong signal to business .
The signal we are <unk> to send here is that at some point rates are going to have to move up .
And we do that in the context of for two reasons one for the general overall stability but also because the increasing and i think very credible evidence that low inflation means rapid growth in productivity .
Despite the clarification bonds fell sharply .
Early in the week long term yields hovered at all time lows sinking to around six and one half percent .
But chairman greenspan's comments sent bond prices plunging more than two full points pushing the yield back up to six point six nine percent .
That sell off in the bond market spilled over to stocks .
Positive corporate earnings helped push stock prices higher in the week's first three sessions with the dow jones industrials in fact hitting a new record wednesday .
But the success short lived as falling bond prices <unk> investors .
The dow jones industrial average ended the week up eighteen points finishing at three thousand five hundred forty six point seven four .
On the broader and secondary markets only the american stock exchange index finished the week with a loss .
The week didn't bring any relief to the midwest .
More than sixteen thousand square miles of farmland are underwater .
Eight midwestern states have been officially declared disaster areas .
Crop damage is now estimated at ten billion dollars .
And a calamity of the opposite order is affecting the southeastern part of the country .
Record heat and continued drought conditions are creating huge agricultural losses .
Crop damage in south carolina alone is approaching two hundred million dollars .
Well there was some good news this week .
Oil prices continue to fall .
The united nations and iraq neared an agreement to allow iraq to sell crude oil and opec delayed a scheduled emergency meeting .
Both those factors forced prices lower .
