Practically all of the health plans now being considered by congress encourage the formation of what are known as managed care health plan especially h. m. o.s .
These plans aim to save money buy cutting patient access to high cost specialists and by closely <unk> high cost treatments .
Over the past decade there's been an extraordinary growth in h. m. o.s in this country as businesses push to reduce their rising health costs .
H. m. o.s do provide health care at a lower cost than other private insurance plans but despite the saving many have started making big profits .
Some people fear that in the future the h. m. o.s won't be as cost effective as they are now and that the quality of care they provide could suffer in order to protect profits .
Npr's patricia <unk> reports .
Back in the nineteen forties when h. m. o.s were first created they were non profit .
They provided basic comprehensive medical care for one price .
At the time they were considered controversial even labeled socialist by those who opposed them .
But over the past ten years the number of profit making h. m. o.s in this country has nearly tripled .
Many not for profits are now switching to for profit status .
Take the case of <unk> health networks .
It was organized by blue cross of california a non profit organization .
It was part of a major company overhaul which began says <unk> vice president ron williams in the mid eighties .
During the that period the company experienced very significant losses as a result of really not being in financial control of its business .
In nineteen eighty six blue cross hired a new management team to restructure the company .
One year later it recruited williams .
The company went through a very aggressive process of turning itself around .
There was some numerous things that were done .
There were new financial controls put in place .
Unfortunately we ended up having to make significant reductions in employees .
So the company turned itself around .
One of the critical strategies in turning the company around was the decision to try to sell more low cost h. m. o.s instead of the more expensive traditional health plans .
Part of that decision was the creation of a profit making organization to run the h. m. o. .
Ron williams .
As a for profit business you are able to raise capital from a variety of sources .
Therefore you're able to invest in your business to make the right investments that can produce a product for your customer at an even lower cost and thereby give your customer a very good value and provide a reasonable return to an investor .
Has that happened .
Have your costs to the customer gone down .
Yes .
We have found that our prices are very competitive and that the purchasing volume that we have of having approximately two and one half million members here in california has permitted us to develop very good partnerships with local health care delivery systems hospitals and physicians and in exchange for the volume that we bring we're able to obtain substantial discounts which we're able to pass on to our customers .
So the new emphasis on h. m. o.s proved enormously successful and pulled the company out of debt .
In nineteen ninety two it made one hundred seventy four million dollars in profit .
Five years earlier it had lost about that much in one year .
This year <unk> stock jumped from zero dollars and twenty six cents a share to zero dollars and sixty two cents in just three months .
Some of that success has been passed on to top executives .
<unk> c. e. o. makes well over one million dollars a year in salary and benefits vice president ron williams over half a million .
I guess i have to ask you should <unk> be paying for what some people might consider excessive payment compensation bonuses at a time when what we're looking for as a country are savings .
Is that appropriate .
I think that if you want to have an effective industry you want to have an industry that provides affordable high quality accessible care you need to attract the best talent and you need to have organizations that can set aggressive goals and work hard to achieve those goals with talent and capable people .
In other cases the amounts of money made by h. m. o. executives is even higher than at <unk> .
For example the c. e. o. of the california based foundation health corporation received a three point five million dollar bonus last year on top of his salary of nearly one million dollars making him the country's highest paid h. m. o. executive .
The c. e. o. of u. s. healthcare was paid three point five million dollars and the c. e. o. of health systems international two point eight million dollars .
These huge salaries and bonuses are especially troublesome to burt <unk> a state <unk> in california where there are more h. m. o.s than anywhere else in the country .
<unk> has watched the h. m. o. movement transform itself into a profit making industry .
He worries that the profit motive could interfere with h. m. o.'s decision about whether to pay or not pay for medical care .
And if you say no to that medical care families want to know that it's a medical judgment not an economic judgment driven by corporate profits executive compensation levels of return to shareholders for companies who are traded publicly .
Those kinds of considerations if they're even part of the mix are very very troubling to people whose family members are suffering from these grave illnesses .
<unk> points to a recent study by the california medical association which finds for profit h. m. o.s spend far less money on actual medical care than non for profits .
For example the non profit kaiser foundation health plan spends zero dollars and ninety five cents of every dollar on actual medical care .
<unk> health networks on the other hand spends zero dollars and sixty nine cents .
According to dean witter equity research reports <unk> spent twenty percent less on medical in nineteen ninety two than it did five years earlier .
<unk> officials say they spend less because they're more efficient .
Even so zero dollars and twelve cents of every dollar goes toward profits zero dollars and eighteen cents toward advertising salaries and overhead .
Kaiser on the other hand spends only zero dollars and three cents of every dollar on advertising salaries and overhead .
In fact of the ten h. m. o.s who spend the least on medical care nine are for profit .
Stanford university economist alan <unk> says the profit motive isn't necessarily bad and that in fact it's responsible for enormous innovation for the consumer both in the general economy and in health care .
The thing that protects consumers the best and the thing that works best is to make the market work that is to give consumers the maximum incentive to choose the economical health plan and to give them the best possible information so that they can choose wisely and then let the competitive market work because i think the totality of human experience with economic organization tells us that market economies work best to give us new products to improve productivity to improve quality and that government controlled and regulated economies fail .
That's the big lesson of the twentieth century where we had a worldwide competition between these two philosophies .
But when you bring it down to home with ideas like politicians laying on limits you can't more than a certain amount well that greatly destroys the incentive of a company to improve efficiency .
But skeptics still worry .
Skeptics like doctor david <unk> who is in private practice teaches at harvard medical school and advocates a canadian like health care system .
<unk> says he's seen the profit motive interfere with good medical care in the hospital industry which over the past decade has increasingly merged consolidated and established profit making networks .
We know that hospitals dump patients who are uninsured all the time .
They take people with severe injuries after they've had a negative wallet biopsy no insurance card found put them in an ambulance or shove them into a cab sometimes and ship them to the local city hospital that takes the loss .
So those kinds of behaviors are really quite common and if you read the health administration literature there's a whole literature about how to avoid <unk> patients and services which kinds of things you should be doing and which avoiding because they're not profitable .
In fact because so many private hospitals started dumping patients on public institutions congress passed a law banning the practice .
Even so reports of hospital dumping continue where doctors say cases are too complicated or that they can't communicate properly with non english speaking patients .
<unk> worries that the profit motive may drive h. m. o.s to make decisions that don't benefit the patient .
Already he says it's routine for h. m. o.s to tell him his patients don't need to see higher cost specialists even when he thinks they do .
A young woman with a breast lump in my practice who the h. m. o. wanted me to follow the breast lump for another couple months before referring her to the surgeon .
I didn't think that was appropriate and standard medical care wouldn't say that's appropriate .
A number of patients whom i think i have needed what's called an echo <unk> to see how their heart is working and see if they have any problems with their heart <unk> and the h. m. o.s <unk> looked at it and said gee we could delay that for now .
Not really urgent .
And that's pretty clearly just a cost decision not a medical decision that's reasonable that they're making .
Though <unk> and other physicians cite a number of anecdotal incidents there have been no long term studies showing that patients in h. m. o.s are denied needed medical treatments .
Some people think h. m. o.s may even help patients by cutting down on unnecessary even dangerous procedures .
No matter what the outcome of that debate there seems to be agreement on this h. m. o.s save money despite their mandate to deliver profits to shareholders .
In california competition among all h. m. o.s for profit as well as not for profit has been fierce .
Rand economist glen <unk> recently compared california to four other states that control costs through state regulation .
And we found that california's rate of growth in health expenditures was enviable by all states to a dramatic degree .
Between nineteen eighty and nineteen ninety one health expenditures nationally grew by sixty three percent after controlling for inflation .
And california was less than forty percent .
<unk> adds that for consumers as well a real competition among insurers has been good news .
Over the last eighteen months many contracts between insurance companies and employers are being renewed at zero increases or even negative changes in the premium rates .
They've actually lowered their price .
There's actually actually lowered their premium .
Many economists agree with <unk> that as h. m. o.s continue to compete costs will continue to be held down and big profits and huge salaries may not last .
On the issue of patient care there's no guarantee that h. m. o.s aren't <unk> in order to save money .
That's why most health reform plans call for more funding for research into techniques to actually measure the quality of medical care .
