As we mentioned earlier the house voted this afternoon to delay release of documents surrounding the post office scandal .
The debate and the heat surrounding the scandal has taken a distinctly partisan tone .
We go now to capitol hill and c. n. n.'s bob franken for the latest on this debate this afternoon .
Bob .
We know of course bob all of this revolves the implication and all this now of house ways and means chairman dan rostenkowski who insists to continue on brushing aside all the questions about the legal problems that he's having insists on being seen as a key play in the deficit negotiations .
But on the house floor republicans were accusing democratic leaders of cover up for resisting republican demands to release records of an internal investigation into the house post office one charging that a letter from the u. s. attorney opposing public disclosure came about because house speaker foley interceded .
That the letter from the u. s. attorney came after a phone call between the attorney general and the speaker of the house asking please don't let this go forward .
What followed is what the novelists like to call high drama .
That is totally and absolutely incorrect .
If the gentleman who controls the time would yield to me .
I must tell the gentleman that i am surprised that the normal courtesy that exists between members would not have been shown in this case to me as speaker .
At no time was there ever any inquiry from any member of your leadership or any member of the republican party in the house as to whether i had had any such conversation .
The republican effort failed .
Meanwhile no comment from rostenkowski on a chicago sun times report that his lawyers had unsuccessfully contacted low level justice department employees seeking a delay in a monday hearing at which former house postmaster robert <unk> pleaded guilty to embezzlement and implicated rostenkowski .
Back at the budget negotiation questions persisted about rostenkowski's ability to play a key role .
The very fact that reporter questions persist sorts of proves that the legal clouds are still flying over the deficit budget negotiations .
And clearly frank democratic leaders are on the defensive .
Bob an important question despite the public displays of confidence and looking upward and seeing no clouds how worried are they .
How worried is moynihan .
How worried are they in rostenkowski's office and circle that this thing is quite serious and jeopardizes his career .
Well they're of course not talking about this .
The lawyer has given them strict orders not to talk about it .
But clearly they're distracted .
Democratic leaders will continue to say publicly that they are in fact not distracted by all this but others will say it's impossible for them not to be .
So that we can say that we've not been wholly distracted by it bob what happened in the budget negotiations today .
Substantial progress .
Some progress .
They've agreed on some of the taxes for upper income people they've agreed for instance that the effective date of those the retroactive date would be march first .
That's a compromise between the house and the senate .
And they've come to some agreement on social security taxes .
What's interesting of course is that all of this has become sort of a by the way matter .
So far no surprises .
