Ross perot is wrapping up a mini tour of the united states .
He's not running for anything this time he's just running against washington and he could throw a wrench in this year's elections .
Susan king reports .
Perot's last stop a presidential candidate's first stop new hampshire where he <unk> what sounds like an anthem for ninety six .
Here is our goal .
We're going to slow down the rush to big government in nineteen ninety four .
Is that a good goal .
And we're going to bring it to a screeching halt in nineteen ninety six o. k. .
Two weeks trekking political america trying to energize his withering united we stand organization before <unk> mid term congressional elections ross perot sounds like a man running against president bill clinton .
As you think about haiti would you have your son or daughter die for haiti .
Would you give your life to restore democracy to haiti .
What's going on here .
The role that's he's obviously playing is as a leader of an anti clinton movement which has the same purpose as the republican party but is separate from the republicans .
I think he's more forceful when he's anti washington than when he's anti bill clinton .
I think what voters like about him is the agenda and the perspective that he <unk> .
Ross perot's not going to be president of the united states of america .
What he is going to be though is somebody who speaks almost uniquely to this swing part of the american electorate .
And in this chaotic mid term election year swing voters are critical .
They could produce a new congressional equation ousting democrats who control the house and senate and electing new faces mostly republicans .
A former perot for president pollster thinks they will .
Even though ross perot's name is not on the ballot he may turn out to be as much of a factor as bill clinton .
If that means ross perot becomes the republican hero in november by helping to restore them to power in congress he is far from the g. o. p. pollster boy because if he makes another run for the white house many in the party fear he may confuse politically loyalties so much they'll help president clinton more than hurt him .
