Both african american and white residents of arkansas paid their last respects to six term governor orville <unk> today in little rock .
His political career was defined by his refusal to allow a little rock high school to be integrated in nineteen fifty seven .
National guard troops were later brought in to protect nine black students .
<unk> won four more terms after the central high school crisis .
He also was known for boosting industrial development and creating community colleges in the state .
Orville <unk> a democrat died yesterday .
He was eighty four years old .
The federal election commission met today to decide if the nineteen ninety two clinton campaign needed to repay the government for matching funds .
An <unk> report had recommended the clinton gore camp give back a whopping four million dollars plus .
But after a partisan vote of the commissioners today it looks like the campaign will not be required to give back most of that money .
Our brooks jackson was at the meeting .
He's here now to tell us about it .
Brooks .
Judy if the auditors had been upheld it would have been the biggest amount of money that any presidential candidate had been required to repay in the twenty years that presidential candidates had been getting public financing to assist their campaigns .
But on a key vote the commission decided to let the clinton campaign off for about three million dollars of that four point one million dollars .
And when the vote came it came along partisan lines .
Say i. those opposed to the motion .
Madame secretary the motion fails by a vote of three to three .
Commissioners elliot .
Republicans were voting against bill clinton and democrats voting for him .
The issue here was whether bill clinton's primary campaign had a debt after it was all over about the time of the convention .
And the reason there was a question was that millions and millions of dollars were pouring into the campaign even after the primaries were over .
But the campaign transferred that money to a legal fund for the general election .
Republicans said oh no that should have been money that went to the primary campaign .
If you put where it was supposed to be there would have been no doubt .
Therefore you would not have been eligible to receive that three million dollars of federal money .
Democrats took the opposite position .
And because it takes four votes under law to do anything the staff was not upheld .
The campaign will not be required to repay that three million dollars .
So even though it was technical it wasn't technical .
There was politics .
What's this about the <unk> some intrigue in the <unk> findings in all this .
Among the things the auditors were questioning was a thirty seven thousand five hundred dollar settlement .
That's all that it said on the check just settlement .
When they inquired they said it was secret that the terms precluded saying what it was all about .
They're saying it's not an appropriate use of taxpayer money .
All right .
Brooks jackson thanks .
Bernie .
Well that's all for this edition of inside politics .
I'm bernard shaw .
And i'm judy woodruff .
