President bush and arkansas governor bill clinton are the big winners in yesterday's presidential primaries .
C. n. n.'s mark leff reports on the contests in indiana north carolina and the district of columbia .
The contest for the presidency is by no means the only one on voter's minds but presidential voters in north carolina indiana and the district of columbia were of similar minds .
Democrats liked bill clinton better than any of the other available choices and republicans everywhere picked george bush over pat buchanan .
Even before the latest balloting the president had more than enough convention delegates to win renomination and bill clinton is now just over four hundred delegates away from the democratic party prize .
My pledge to you tonight in thanking you for this victory is if you want your country to win again if you want your country to be one again if you want to feel good when you get up in the morning because you know we can make tomorrow better again vote for bill clinton and bring this country back .
Democratic voters everywhere tuesday vastly preferred clinton to jerry brown .
In fact brown ended up behind no preference on the north carolina democratic ballot and barely ahead of paul tsongas .
And in washington even tsongas who is no longer running ended up getting more votes than the former california governor .
I'd like to see those numbers grow .
But whatever i've committed myself to stay in this race to the convention representing those who've supported me .
But based on what indiana and north carolina voters tell exit pollsters the likely major party presidential nominees face problems in the fall from potential party defectors .
While most democrats now call clinton honest the surveys indicate conservatives and independents who voted democratic tuesday still don't much like him .
In north carolina nearly half the democrats who talked to pollsters after voting said they would not vote for clinton in november .
But more than a third on the republican side said the same about george bush .
And the surveys indicate independent ross perot would draw about a quarter of the vote from each party if he runs .
Turn out in washington d. c. was less than half what it was four years ago when jesse jackson was running for the democratic nomination .
Jackson has expressed an interest in the vice presidential nomination this time .
Although bill clinton did single out indiana congressman lee hamilton for praise while campaigning in that state clinton has indicated he's in no hurry to decide on a running mate .
I'll make that decision when i feel comfortable that i've made the best available decision .
The republican primary in <unk> indiana district brought the most graphic anti abortion ads ever televised .
We hope that this campaign will <unk> america .
Now ad agency executive michael bailey has won the right to challenge hamilton in the fall .
