A jury says david koresh's followers are innocent of murder .
A prayer session in a mosque becomes a massacre as jewish settler opens fire .
And the drawn out drama of women's figure skating at the winter games finally comes to an end .
For sunday february twenty seventh nineteen ninety four this is week in review .
Thanks for joining us .
I'm mary tillotson .
Almost one year after the fiery end to the standoff between federal agents and david koresh and his followers a texas jury acquitted eleven branch davidians of the most serious charges against them acquitted them of murdering four a. t. f. agents in the initial raid on the cult compound .
C. n. n.'s tony clark has the details .
For the first time in a year woodrow <unk> walked out of the courthouse a free man .
He was one of four branch davidians found not guilty on all charges .
No i do not hold it against any law enforcement officers because if we didn't have them what would this world be .
It's just that we need to educate them to treat us all as human beings .
For the davidians it was a bittersweet victory .
Seven defendants were found guilty of other charges and face sentences of up to ten years in prison .
Clive doyle was among those found not guilty .
Well i'm very happy to be free today but it's somewhat of a hollow victory because it's .
The courtroom was silent as the eight woman four man jury's verdicts were read .
Outside the courtroom prosecutors couldn't hide their disappointment .
Everyone's not going to agree on the result but the system can work .
And those those fine agents deserve the best and i just hope we did all we could .
Attorney general janet reno said the verdict is a victory for law enforcement .
It is clear that the jury recognized by its verdict that the killings of the four a. t. f. agents were not justified .
The finding that these deaths were not justified makes clear that the government had a responsibility to act .
After six weeks of testimony and argument and three days of deliberation the jury decided that the davidians who were found guilty of voluntary manslaughter acted in the heat of passion when they were fired on by aft agents .
But they also agreed that the a. t. f. provoked the gun battle .
I think this sends a loud and clear message to law enforcement that you don't negotiate with tanks that you don't assault a house when there's people inside that don't need to be assaulted and you don't bring a case that you can't prove .
The government cannot be proud about what they did on february twenty eighth .
They cannot be proud about what they did on april nineteenth .
And they certainly can't be happy about what this jury said to them today .
Outside the courthouse there was a celebration for those who were released after nearly a year behind bars a chance to start over .
