Thanks for joining us .
The tiny nation of haiti continues to pose big policy headaches for president clinton .
Under criticism for his handling of the ongoing crisis he is facing congressional efforts to restrict his ability to use force in the situation .
Joining us with the latest is c. n. n.'s senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer .
Wolf .
Judy the president is trying to head off two fights one in haiti and the other on capitol hill .
President clinton says he will fight efforts in congress including one proposed by senate minority leader bob dole to pass legislation that would restrict u. s. military options in haiti or any place else .
In haiti my concerns that there should be no restrictions that would undermine the ability of the president to protect the americans on haiti that would <unk> the likelihood of another mass exodus of haitians or that would send a green light to the people who think they got the best of both worlds .
They got the sanctions lifted and then they broke their word on the governors island agreement .
His secretary of state says congress has no business eroding the ability of the commander in chief .
This is a time to be very steady .
This is a time not to let the emotion of the moment affect and erode the fundamental separation of powers which has been important to the united states for a long long time .
Dole's proposal would force mr. clinton to get congressional approval to send troops to haiti .
And another initiative in congress would prevent u. s. troops from operating anywhere under u. n. command without congressional authorization .
But the president is going to have to say we are in the process of putting u. s. combat troops under foreign command and he would have to seek congressional approval .
And president clinton has announced additional unilateral u. s. measures to step up the pressure on the haitian military and police leaders .
He's announced that he's freezing their assets in the united states and he's also denying them entry into the united states .
He's also telling u. s. ships off the coast of haiti to move closer to the shore so that they would be in sight of the haitian people themselves .
U. s. officials are by no means ruling out military intervention to help save some of the one thousand american citizens in haiti but at this stage that is a last ditch option .
For the moment the clinton administration is hoping that an increased amount of sanctions would eventually convince the haitian military to play ball .
Judy .
Wolf how defensive is the administration feeling on all this .
I mean there's all these news reports over the weekend criticism of the president .
There's even criticism now coming from the previous bush administration even a few words from president bush himself former secretary of state baker .
Do they feel under siege or what .
Well there's no doubt that senior officials are on the defensive .
They don't the fact that their international policy is coming under such widespread criticism the policy in somalia the policy in haiti the policy in bosnia and the president is repeatedly trying to emphasize some of the successful policy decisions in russia most recently .
So they are feeling on the defensive .
They don't like the criticism coming from the bush administration though they expect it .
They think it will get even louder as the nineteen ninety six presidential election starts getting underway .
All right .
Wolf blitzer at the white house .
Thanks .
