From the future of the president's health care plan to a shake up of historically the most powerful committee in the house what would be the real fall out from a congress without dan rostenkowski .
Joining us from capitol hill with some observations wisconsin republican james <unk> and maryland democrat benjamin cardin .
Gentlemen thank you for being with us .
It's a pleasure .
Congressman <unk> let me begin with you .
Assuming there is a plea bargain worked out and let's just assume that there were would this be an appropriate way to resolve this situation .
Well i would hope that if the plea bargain includes a felony conviction it would also include resignation of mr. rostenkowski from congress .
Why is that important to include that .
Felons don't belong in congress and we're in a business where a few bad apples spoil the whole barrel and if there is a bad apple in the barrel i think congress should take care of that and that's why i have a resolution of expulsion prepared so that if mr. rostenkowski is a convicted felony he would not be allowed to continue as a member of the house .
Congressman cardin are you comfortable that a plea bargain may be being worked out over this whole affair .
Well i think that's something right now between the justice department and they have to resolve this .
Mr. rostenkowski's entitled to his rights .
But he's also everyone must be held accountable for their actions .
So i think we should stay out of this and let the the justice department and the judiciary do what is appropriate in this circumstance and we just really have to sit on the sidelines and wait .
If there were a plea bargain congressman cardin do you believe its appropriate for the final arrangement to include the disposition of whether that congressman rostenkowski remains in congress or not .
I think a lot depends on what the plea bargain is all about or how this issue is finally resolved .
There's two aspects here .
One is the accountability of any member of congress as far as any criminal wrongdoing and that must be held fully accountable .
The second is how our institution needs to proceed .
And we the members of the ways and means committee are fully prepared to move forward on the issues at hand and we'll do that .
But i think you've got to separate what's going to happen in congress as to what will happen to any individual including mr. rostenkowski as it relates to any criminal charges .
Can that be done congressman <unk> .
Can you separate the two .
Well i agree with mr. cardin that the justice department and the judicial process should act first .
I'm just concerned that the loop won't be closed and a very powerful member of the house of representatives who would admit to wrongdoing as a part of a plea bargain would be allowed to continue in congress .
And the american public won't sit still for that and that's why the expulsion resolution has been prepared to close the loop .
If there were .
We had passed a resolution before the house that assumed as the justice department has completed its work the house ethics committee and the house of representatives will take up the post office and any ethical violations .
So sure we have a responsibility .
But its impossible to say what our responsibility should be until this matter has been handled by the judiciary .
Well a plea bargain is different than even a jury verdict of guilt .
A plea bargain a member of congress admits that he did what is alleged in the criminal investigation .
We don't have to delay with an extensive ethics committee investigation .
The congress out to do the right thing if the plea bargain does not require the member of congress who has pleaded to a felony to resign .
Well you're assuming what's going to be in the plea bargain .
We don't know that .
But congressman cardin what about his point that a plea bargain is an acknowledgement of guilt .
Well it depends what he's pleading to .
We don't know anything about what the plea bargaining is going to involve .
Obviously once if there is a plea bargain we need to take a look at that and it may be necessary for congress to take as an entity to take action .
And we don't want to rule that out .
But i just think its very difficult for us to speculate until we know the circumstances here .
I guess what i urge is that no one's above the law .
This matter should be handled like any other matter as far as the criminal proceedings are concerned .
But when it comes to the congress itself and taking action against a member we need to know the facts first before we say what we're gonna do .
Congressman <unk> if the plea bargain if there were no plea bargain worked out and if there were an indictment of congressman rostenkowski what would happen at that point .
What should happen from your standpoint .
He would automatically be forced out as committee chairman pending the trial .
And i don't advocate doing anything until the trial is over for two reasons .
First the member is presumed innocent until he is proven guilty just like any other citizen of this country and second there have been cases where indicted representatives have been found innocent including the case of representative ford of tennessee where the jury found him not guilty .
And nobody should be kicked out of congress until the jury actually makes a determination of guilt .
Congressman cardin i assume you agree .
That's correct .
In fact we have provisions in our ethics rules to defer until after a criminal case has been completed case has been completed in order that that matter is handled first .
Well also the congress has got to be very careful that no matter what it does it does not engage in prejudicial pre trial publicity that a defense attorney would use to try to get a trial moved out of washington to someplace else or to dismiss the charges altogether on the basis that an impartial jury cannot be picked .
I don't think that we should get involved in interfering with the criminal process if there is a jury trial .
Congressman cardin just quickly we have less than a minute .
Mrs. clinton hillary rodham clinton said today that if congressman rostenkowski were to have to step aside remove himself from this process it would be an obstacle but that health care reform would still move forward .
Is she right about that .
Oh i agree with her completely .
Our committee has moved forward on health care reform .
The subcommittee has already reported out a bill .
The members of the committee are committed to meeting any deadline we need to in order to move health care reform .
So i agree with mrs. clinton .
Congressman <unk> .
Well these issues are bigger than any one individual in the congress of the united states and the congress with or without dan rostenkowski will address issues that come before it like health care and g. a. t. t. and the tax questions that go before the ways and means committee .
Is the reputation of the house hurt by this whole thing gentlemen just quickly .
Any time a member of congress gets in trouble all of us get hurt .
The institution and the members who keep their noses clean and its really a very sad day when something like this happens .
All right gentlemen congressman cardin congressman <unk> we thank you both for being with us .
Thank you .
Bernie .
Thank you judy .
The democrats have some additional worries after tuesday primary and special elections in several states .
Coming up one of their newest problems in kentucky is this man .
