This is jim hickey on <unk> island near puerto rico .
While this combined navy marine training exercise looked for all the world like a rehearsal for the invasion of haiti military commanders are careful to avoid such descriptions .
Still they want the haitian generals to take notice .
I want them to know that we're here that we're prepared that we're well trained and we're well equipped and we're ready to do whatever it is we have to do .
These marines were the last american combat troops to leave somalia .
On july first having just begun their first home leave in six months they were abruptly recalled and ordered to stand by off the coast of haiti .
Ostensibly they were needed in case americans had to be evacuated yet they can invade if ordered to do so .
Obviously i cannot comment on foreign operations .
But yes we're capable of doing that .
And we are ready to do it .
Although most of these marines have seen action and are veterans of somalia if they are ordered into haiti this time it will be different because this time they will be the first ones to go .
But waiting and waiting for what it is a political decision is taking its toll .
I'd say morale right now is getting low because we're just out here setting up and not really doing anything .
As time goes on we're sitting out here more and more it's starting to get frustrating again that we're not going home yet .
That's why commanders scheduled this training mission .
It is morale i'm not going to say it's not .
It does help the troops .
It builds up their spirit .
With the training mission completed this weekend however it is back to the ships as military continues to wait for politicians and the international community to decide what to do next .
Jim hickey a. b. c. news off the coast of <unk> island .
This was the scene in bosnia's capital of sarajevo today civilians fleeing from sporadic sniper fire and mortar blasts .
Because of the resumption of ground fighting the u. n. security council is expected to step up economic sanctions against the republic of serbia tomorrow .
Hoping to avoid tougher u. n. action serbia's president is threatening to end his vital support of bosnia's serbs if they don't accept the international peace plan .
Coming up later in this broadcast how the san francisco giants made history today by joining the fight against aids .
