Two time oscar winner meryl streep gives up accents in favor action in her new film the river wild .
The forty five year old actress faced the most physically demanding role of her career .
C. n. n.'s sherri sylvester went to the river's edge to talk to streep .
As the cameraman moves into position with the help of a rope the rescue team <unk> overhead .
They have life <unk> and nets ready to toss into the water below .
The focus of the camera crew and the safety crew is meryl streep .
The thing that looks so tiny and <unk> is just this little raft that from the shore when your head is <unk> in it the waves look you know six feet tall .
And that was very sobering .
Her first day of prepping for the river wild included a thirty eight mile rowing trip .
Trainer <unk> burns tossed her into the water so she could feel the force of the current .
Streep had already spent four months exercising three hours a day .
Yoga proved the most helpful .
Because so much of this going down really dangerous water is a question of nerve and confidence and integrated breathing and courage .
The real good rafters tend to be women because they don't they read the water and they try to figure out how to negotiate .
Men just think i'll power through and you can't .
It's just twenty thousand cubic feet per second is too much water .
Arnold can't do that .
Now there's a story out there that you almost bought it .
There were a couple of times where i was out of control but we were in danger almost all the time .
I emerged with a very healthy respect for real danger not movie danger but real danger when you're actually putting yourself in jeopardy .
Did you try to prepare your family your kids or your husband for what you were going to be doing .
I <unk> came here thinking it was going to be a movie and think they'd fake a lot of it .
I didn't really know that it was going to be what it was .
I do have one memory of my husband standing up on the rocks like this .
Watching what i was doing .
He was worried at one point .
Streep is married to sculptor don <unk> .
They have four children but he is rarely seen during her public appearances .
Did your husband ever have to re establish his identity being married to you .
He really doesn't like me to talk about it on t. v. .
He's an artist and so he has a very solitary kind of endeavor which i envy his ability to go into the studio and basically make up his life out of whole cloth i have people going like this and padding you and put this on you know and i need that in order to get me going .
And truth forms <unk> latest film effort took a number of collaborators courageous collaborators .
