As the white house struggles with the issue of a middle class tax cut some leading republicans say that is at least one area where they might be willing to play ball with the president .
One is newly elected house majority leader richard armey of texas .
I spoke earlier to representative armey and i asked him whether a white house sponsored middle class tax cut was something he and his colleagues could go along with .
There is no doubt about .
You know that is in our contract and we're just pleased to see the president endorsing such an important part of the contract and very excited to move the legislation forward and hope to get in on his desk within the first one hundred days of congress .
So it really doesn't matter then who or where it's coming from just as long as it gets done .
Is that your view .
Well that's right .
I mean there's no doubt about it we felt very strongly this was necessary certainly desired by the american people .
Clearly we put that in the contract .
To have the president now come back and say i endorse such an important part of the contract certainly <unk> our understanding that not only can we get it through congress which we expect to do but that when it gets to the president's desk it will be signed .
So we're very pleased and very excited to have an opportunity to work with the president on this effort .
Well there's still the very minor detail of how big a tax cut we're talking about and how it gets paid for .
The administration we're told is looking at something in the neighborhood of thirty billion dollars although that's a tentative number and we are told at least from what we read that you and some of your colleagues are looking at something much bigger than that .
How much a difference are we talking about here .
Well i think we're talking about a big difference depending on whether i assume the president's projections are over five years as ours are .
We talk about and expect to have a middle income tax cut especially for families with a five hundred dollar per child credit .
We also believe that we need to give further tax relief to families that take care of their elderly seniors .
We need to give some tax relief to the seniors in terms of the taxes on their social security benefits .
Then also we need to couple that with some tax cuts that will encourage further economic growth and job creation so we intend to give the president a package of tax reductions that are larger than that and we intend to pay for them with the the payments will be made .
We're going to give the president an opportunity to look at a much more comprehensive package but certainly a piece of the package will be the middle income tax cut that he talks about .
How much money are we are you talking about in terms of tax cuts overall .
Oh i think the overall tax reduction will be something around in the neighborhood of one hundred seventy seven billion dollars over five years .
We of course will pay for that in part with our welfare reform package which the president also <unk> and then of course further reductions in spending which of course the american people have said they want to see us cut spending first .
We intend to do that as well .
And what are the big chunks of that those spending cuts going to be .
Well we have the budget committee working on that .
We will have proposals for them but there will be a package of spending reductions that will be put forward frankly before the tax cuts .
And can you just give us some ideas of what i mean are we looking at entitlement cuts are we looking at social security medicare for upper income people .
Well my own view of the matter is that what we need to do is make sure we have thoroughly well agreed the package before we start speculating about what might be in it .
Washington d. c. right is now is rife with rumors as you know and there's no need to add to that until we have had a chance to see our committee work thoroughly through the package .
How would your middle the middle income tax cut that you foresee how would that work exactly .
It would be a credit of five hundred dollars for a family in what income range .
Well i think there's a cap at a higher income bracket but for average and middle income families you would have a tax credit of five hundred dollars per child .
And what is average or middle income .
Well you know that's a much debated item here but i'd say anywhere in the thirty thousand dollars to fifty thousand dollars bracket .
Clearly you're talking about the average middle income american .
Thirty to forty thousand .
But certainly families with incomes lower than that would benefit from the same package .
Now how strongly do republicans feel about the five hundred dollars a family because the administration again is talking about something smaller than that .
Five hundred dollars per child .
Well let me put it this way judy i have raised five children .
Had i had such an opportunity in my tax reductions at the birth of each those five children i would have been able to accumulate a nice college fund for each of the five children by just putting their tax credit into a college fund .
Certainly by the time they got college age they would have had a great stake for their college education .
Otherwise maybe that could have gone for the braces .
I've struggled through all of that business .
At one point in their life they needed the braces at another time it may be maybe even a graduation gown or something special like that .
I can tell you families can find plenty of good ways to use that tax credit for their children .
So congressman armey what is this fight going to come down to .
Is it going to come down to what can be cut what can republicans and the administration democrats agree should be cut to pay for what size tax cut .
Well surely .
I mean it's much easier always to agree upon the principles you always have to work out with some greater degree of rigor the details of the matter but the fact is we will present the president a middle income tax break within one hundred days .
We're very confident that it will be paid for .
We know it'll be paid for .
And it will certainly be an option for the president to sign and make good on this promise for a middle income tax cut .
Once again on the whole entitlements question though isn't this something that has to be addressed if big money is going to be found and taken out of the federal spending picture .
There's no doubt about it and there's plenty of room for smart reductions in entitlement spending .
One of the things we have to always remind ourselves is that only one out of every seven entitlement dollars goes to somebody at or below the poverty level of income .
That tells me and that tells america there's plenty of room for smart cuts and smart revisions in entitlement spending .
We need to study these things through make sure that those people who are truly needy do not have their benefits reduced and make smart reductions .
That's what we think we're doing with welfare reform and we'll have an opportunity to look at other forms of entitlement spending as well .
Well congressman richard armey anytime you're ready to give us more specifics we're ready and willing to talk to you about them .
Incoming house majority leader richard armey thanks for being with us .
Thank you .
Well those of you who passed our play of the week last friday have no fear .
