World leaders are praising russian voters for backing president boris yeltsin and his reforms in yesterday's referendum .
President clinton who <unk> mr. yeltsin in a phone call said the result was an outstanding victory .
Preliminary results show most voters said they have confidence in mr. yeltsin .
A majority also said it backed his reforms .
Mr. yeltsin fell short of the votes needed to call early elections though for congress .
Opponents of the president said the referendum did not show clear support for him or his reforms .
For the first time russian voters were bombarded with some of the tactics used in western political campaigns .
Mr. yeltsin's use of television and other media drew sharp criticism from some of his opponents .
C. n. n.'s siobhan darrow has that .
A rare glimpse of the private life of a russian leader boris yeltsin .
A man of the people grandfather at home with the family eating with the simple folk able to get his message across to the working man all images carefully crafted to blitz a worn out public .
A perfectly run campaign from my point of view .
Yeltsin as you know ran against overwhelming odds and under the circumstances to triumph in a situation like that is nothing short of spectacular to me .
With living standards at an all time low inflation on the rise it was a risky venture to ask the people what they think .
So learning how to work a crowd has become crucial in a land where being popular among the people was never much of a priority .
Russians always voted .
They had to .
And there was only one choice .
So such things as grassroots political support exit polls and opinion surveys never existed .
All the people are volunteering all work free of charge young old <unk> students .
It's very moving .
Lydia <unk> says some thirty thousand volunteers came out in moscow to support yeltsin's campaign .
I was excited by the level of interest that the people had to participate in democracy and i think that's a testament to the changes that have taken place in russia .
And something else new for russians political ads just about all pro yeltsin .
Yeltsin's people call the whole process a great victory for democracy .
His opponents describe it as information terror .
Parliamentary chairman <unk> khasbulatov attacked the electronic media monday likening yeltsin's publicity machine to that of hitler's .
Call it what you will yeltsin's campaign handed him a clean sweep and some of his success could be that his opponents have yet to learn how to use the media .
