With good reason sylvester stallone and wesley snipes <unk> their muscles for a box office record this weekend .
Our movie analyst martin grove joins us now to tell us all about it .
Hi martin .
Hi jim .
You know with grosses like these you'd think it was still summer .
Now demolition man demolished the record for the best fall opening ever while also <unk> sylvester stallone's career comeback proving that his fans will line up to see him in action .
Demolition man is the kind of action packed picture you might expect to see released during either the summer or christmas seasons when moviegoing peaks .
But by opening in the fall warner brothers was able to capitalize on less competition and lower expectations .
In addition since the film opened on columbus day weekend with monday being a day off for many people in both the u. s. and canada demolition man benefited from well above average sunday night business .
And though most critics found the film to be lacking in the story department a well orchestrated marketing campaign focusing on the movie's action was successful in drawing young males to theaters .
Interestingly this is the same strategy warner brothers cleverly used last year for the previous october record holder under siege .
Elsewhere it was smooth sledding in week two for disney's comedy cool <unk> .
In fact the weekend was great for the movie business in general .
Up nearly twenty percent over last year because there's something for everyone .
Cool <unk> is attracting family audiences .
Malice and the good son are a hit with adults and the age of innocence and the joy luck club which appeal to adult females are also keeping box office cash registers ringing .
This weekend's other notable opening was gettysburg from new line cinema and turner pictures .
Despite being limited to only one showing per night due to its four and a half hour length the picture managed to <unk> rake in nearly one million dollars on only one hundred twenty four screens .
That is impressive .
