Overseas again .
In south africa today a popular uprising has brought down a pillar which had supported south africa's system of racial separation .
The uprising took place in the so called black homeland of <unk> .
The people of <unk> have sent a clear message to their leadership we are determined to be equal partners in the new south africa .
Here's a. b. c.'s jim laurie .
We have our freedom they shouted as the streets erupted in wild celebration .
They were celebrating what they hope is the end of <unk> one of ten homelands created seventeen years ago by the white government here to house blacks it did not want .
Four days of riots and demonstrations resulted in the collapse of the local government .
Police and army units who had first tried to put down the rebellion today changed sides some riding through the streets shouting <unk> comrades .
Late in the day a helicopter left the presidential palace on board lucas <unk> the president appointed by the white south african government to rule here .
The rebellion grew after <unk> refused to allow people to campaign or vote in next month's elections elections which will abolish the homelands and make them part of the new south africa .
But with the celebrations came a breakdown in law and order .
Hundreds of people embarked on a binge of widespread looting .
Security police opened fired in a vain effort to stop it .
It was a remarkable end of another unpopular holdover from the apartheid era .
But with elections still seven weeks away it was unclear how the region would be governed in the meantime .
Jim laurie a. b. c. news johannesburg .
Still overseas .
In bosnia today the serbian forces who control the hills above the muslim village of maglaj have said no to a united nations relief convoy that wants to make a delivery of food and medicine .
The u. n. convoy has given up trying for now .
Nineteen thousand civilians are under siege in maglaj .
At london's heathrow airport today as police were searching for clues on the runway that was hit by several mortars last night the irish republican army said it was responsible for firing the mortars .
They were launched from the back of a car which was parked nearby .
The i. r. a. warned today that if it is ignored by britain there will be more attacks to come .
