Almost immediately after a simi valley jury acquitted the four police officers the rioting began .
Donna <unk> is a transplant to los angeles from washington d. c. and she recalls that day well .
As the t. v. images flooded my eyes it all seemed so unreal .
Gil scott heron was wrong .
The revolution was being televised and it was live .
I sat in horror and watched the city i love go up in flames aided and <unk> by a press corps gone wild .
Piercing through this river of emotion and images echoed the repeated remarks of the news commentators .
Why are they looting don't they have any values who are they i sat in agreement until i realized they were talking about me .
You see i too am a <unk> .
I refer to a time of love beads <unk> <unk> free huey and purple haze to the religion of my youth .
On that bleak nineteen sixty eight april morning i stood in frozen silence with my fellow howard university classmates .
<unk> <unk> stepped to the microphone raised a pistol high in the air and screamed they've killed our king martin luther king .
The revolution has <unk> we scrambled into the streets of d. c. with no particular agenda .
We ran to kill the pain of our ancestors and the burden of our impending adulthood .
We'd already been looted and didn't even know it .
An inside sixties revolutionary joke was one never stole anything but rather one liberated it. so i freed some bottles of johnny walker red pink wigs size fifty d. bras and other worthless goods .
We were able to set the tone of the day .
It was a powerful feeling something i've never felt since .
For the vast majority of blacks we spend our lives operating in very prescribed ways but on this day some of us got drunk from a sense of power .
My early years in l. a. were consumed with crashing into the movie system and living a dreamy musical existence .
All that changed when duvall a college friend escorted me home to west hollywood after a night of heady intellectual debate .
As we pulled into my driveway i heard the clicking of six riot guns felt the heat of spotlights and heard the <unk> voice get out with your hands up .
The officers forced duvall to the ground and me against the car .
After they released us one officer justified the attack because two black <unk> had kidnapped an elderly white woman .
Once more we were looted of our humanity .
And as i watched the looters on t. v. in nineteen ninety two i noted that black college enrollment is declining and we're moving over for yet another wave of immigrants .
In a split second it was impossible for me to throw a stone at the looters or question their motives .
I knew the answer as i understood it two weeks ago as everyone waited with baited breath to see if l. a. would explode again .
Without a strong active national commitment to include all of us in the american dream we will continue to create generations and generations of looters .
Without total passion in the end they you and i remain looters .
