Rates on money market mutual funds are up but the amount of money in them seems to be falling .
Now just why is that .
Let's ask our guest jim grant he's the editor of grant's interest rate observer .
Good morning jim .
Good morning stuart .
It is true to say that rates are up but money's coming out now why is that .
You wouldn't have thought that .
Yields on money market mutual funds are not what they might be .
And of course there's been a lot of adverse publicity about these exotic securities that were stuck in the portfolios late last year to amplify yields .
You're talking about derivatives right .
Yeah everyone was groping for yields and the money funds felt they had to do something to enlarge what they could report and they did .
But have losses in the derivative market had that kind of an impact on the whole cross spectrum of money funds .
Well they have had a perverse impact recently and that is there's been kind of a flight to plain vanilla .
We understand that at the margin people are the money manager the fund managers are reaching for yields that are safe and sane and for that reason perhaps a tad lower than they might otherwise be getting .
So the trouble and the well publicized trouble with derivatives in some of these funds has had the kind of paradoxical effect of driving yields a tad lower .
In any case yields are not really keeping up as they might and you could probably do better by going to the fed and buying treasury bills yourself .
Or you know i could go to my local bank .
My local bank literally is paying me just over four percent a tad over four percent on a one month c. d. .
And for that i get a government guarantee that my money and the interest will be paid back to me .
We don't see that very often do we .
No money market mutual funds now are have a maturity of about forty two days .
And which is longer than your month c. d. .
I'm not sure that this is going to last .
Money market mutual funds no doubt are going to recover as rate continue to rise if rates continue to rise .
There always is a lag .
For the moment you can do better away from them .
But your point would be that at the moment you've got this drop in rates .
Rates are not where they should be on a money market fund and it's the derivative market and the losses associated with it that's largely to blame .
It's in part to blame .
There is always a lag and there is fees to be taken into account as well .
Money market mutual funds are charging you fees whereas of course the fed is not for selling you a treasury bill .
But you know for the best part of a generation money market mutual funds have been the place to park your money especially when interest rates are rising you put your money in there you get that higher yield week to week month to month that's the classic maneuver isn't it .
And suddenly that's been reversed .
Yeah it's quite we're getting in a few days the taxable totals for the month of june .
May oddly enough they were down about ten billion dollars from april .
They are lower today than they were a year ago and rates re up a lot more .
Do people think they're not safe .
Because they've classically been always considered safe .
I think probably some people are worried but i think mostly people are unimpressed .
Yields you are being offered are lack <unk> and nowadays there are some very fancy yields for people who don't want to do anything except save some money for a short period of time .
You know in the fall you couldn't have gotten almost seven percent and now you only have to go out five years in the treasury yield year to get that .
Two years you get six point two five .
You reckon that a better bet than a money fund at the moment of a bank c. d. would be go out and buy a treasury security yourself and hold it to maturity .
Sure the arithmetic is much better .
You give up something in the way of convenience you can't write a check against that .
The federal reserve is not offering you a checking account with your treasury bill but you're picking up a lot more yield .
But your analysis has always been that interest rates are on the rise at this point .
Presumably the value of treasury securities that you've bought would go down in actual value if you were to sell them .
Yeah but if you're buying for three six months a year two years and are holding till maturity .
You can be rather <unk> .
You'll take your four percent and run will you jim .
Run slowly .
