Election day is less than three weeks away in mr. jefferson's state and that tight virginia governor's race is in its final stretch the candidates vying the succeed democrat douglas wilder .
Our national correspondent gene randall has our report .
Virginia's last three governors have been democrats .
Four years ago democrat douglas wilder became the state's first elected black chief executive and with wilder unable to succeed himself two term attorney general mary sue terry seemed poised to extend her party's streak as virginia's first woman governor .
She had wide name recognition a huge fund raising advantage and a thirty point lead in the polls .
But things have changed dramatically .
With just over two weeks until the election republican george allen a former congressman and state legislator appears to have pulled even in the race .
How .
Some say it's party because of virginia's unhappiness with the democratic president .
Clinton by some measures in the most unpopular president in virginia since polls have been taken .
Incredibly in some surveys recently he's shown up as having a lower popularity rating than richard nixon did during the depths of watergate .
George allen's new standing has sparked a flow of campaign contributions .
His message that he is the candidate of change that terry is simply a part of virginia's democratic establishment tied to a pair of unpopular feuding incumbents governor wilder and senator charles robb .
Advertisement state government spending in the robb wilder terry years has increased faster than federal government spending .
One reason contracts to political allies and contributors without competitive bidding .
Terry hits back with the challenge allen faces the wrong political direction .
Votes will begin to see that the type of change that george allen would bring would be change that would take virginia backwards and to the right .
Advertisement public schools .
Against full funding .
A terry t. v. add george allen against so much guess who is for him .
Pat robertson .
Is that what's best for virginia .
That's just fear mongering .
It's distortion and it actually is from a campaign that is desperate to come up with something to try to regain some momentum that has been lost over the last several months .
When they're not bashing each other both candidates talk a lot about crime a major voter concern .
Terry wants a five day waiting period for handgun purchases .
It's no fun being the brunt of the n. r. a. .
On the other hand it's tragic to encounter the faces of the parents who've lost children to handgun violence .
Allen who is supported by the national rifle association opposes further gun controls .
His anti crime pitch .
Phase prison paroles for violent offenders build more jails and lengthen sentences .
We certainly do know that that violent criminal if he murders someone or uses a firearm in a robbery that if that person's in prison they won't be committing more crimes .
As the race has gotten tighter terry has gone on the offensive .
She accuses allen of encouraging the politics of hate aimed at her history of never having married .
Oliver north has been criss crossing virginia saying that i'm less qualified to be governor because i don't have children .
A high ranking official in my opponent's campaign said that george is better qualified because he's a family man .
Well i certainly do disassociate myself from those remarks .
I have in the past and do so right now i think it's a distraction away from the actual issues that are important in this campaign .
Allen many feel will be tested by an increasingly aggressive mary sue terry in the final weeks of the campaign as she seeks to make up lost ground .
Meanwhile the final of three t. v. debates in the virginia gubernatorial campaign is set for monday night .
Republicans came close to winning virginia four years ago when democrat douglas wilder won the governor's race by fewer than seven thousand votes .
This election too figures to be close and the next two and a half weeks could be a case study in bruising gubernatorial politics .
