Welcome back to c. n. n.'s continuing coverage of the trial the case filed by twelve year old gregory kingsley seeking to terminate the parental rights of his mother rachel kingsley .
On the stand right now a man named robert <unk> from the department of health and rehabilitative services in florida .
In some states that would be the department of children and family services .
Mr. <unk> is a children youth and family supervisor and he's had something to do with the kingsley case .
Right now they're asking him to look at some documents .
Mr. <unk> takes the stand after three women took the stand they were three waitresses who had worked with rachel kingsley at various times they had testified that she often left her children alone that she apparently had a drinking problem one testified that she tried to kill herself and that she was fired allegedly for stealing money from the bar at a bar where she worked .
One waitress though testified that rachel kingsley was a nice girl and that people liked her but she did drink excessively .
The whole point of course is the people who are gregory <unk> lawyers who are trying to show that rachel kingsley is an unfit mother .
Now we'll try to hear what robert <unk> from the department of health and rehabilitative services has to say since he apparently had something to do with the kingsley case .
Is there a section in your file on these reports .
Yes .
If you review that that would help you .
Is there any agreement on this .
Just the date .
July of eighty nine .
Isn't it true that gregory kingsley was placed with his mother in approximately march or april of nineteen eighty nine .
Yes .
Do you know how long it was before the h. r. s. had its first contact with mrs. kingsley after her child had been place or gregory had been placed with her .
After gregory was placed with her the department was involved with the family through voluntary family services almost immediately after placement of the child with them .
How did it come about that voluntary family services became involved with the family .
Since the child was placed in an environment and i think the mother request the voluntary services that helps with maintaining her children and her family .
May i approach the witness .
Yes you may .
I'm going to show you a document .
Yes .
Is this the document that's kept in your file .
Yes ma'am .
What is it .
This is an abuse report regarding the final investigation .
They a report was received regarding .
Your honor i'm going to object at this point .
I believe that's hearsay information .
I realize it's a part of the file kept in the business records but i think that the we should have some type .
It's my contention that the prejudicial effect toward my client would outweigh its appropriate value .
Actually your honor i just wanted to use the document to refresh mr. <unk> memory so he doesn't as long as he can just testify that that's how the department got involved i believe that that indicates that that's how the department began volunteering services .
Sort of like a radio call to a police care to go to a certain location .
That type of thing .
It's not evidence .
Yes sir .
I won't consider it as evidence .
We don't have a jury .
Number .
Ask the question again .
Do you recall how the department got became involved with mrs. kingsley after the child was placed with her .
There was a call called into the abuse registry in which an investigator was sent out to investigate .
Don't say what the investigation was about then and that's how it got involved .
Go ahead and ask another question .
And when did that occur .
June of eighty nine .
And after the after june of eighty nine did the department provide services to mrs. kingsley .
Yes ma'am .
What services were provided .
Voluntary family services .
In reviewing your file can you tell me what services during the summer of nineteen eighty nine were provided specifically .
There was homemaker services involved in the home .
Who was the homemaker .
Terry <unk> the homemaker .
Did she go to mrs. <unk> home to try to help her to obtain various services .
Yes ma'am .
What else was done .
The homemaker .
Yes .
Homemaker made referrals to appropriate social services helped her with parenting skills tried to help her find affordable housing maintain her income improve her self esteem help budget money .
Did mrs. kingsley have scheduled appointments through h. r. s. during this period .
The <unk> made scheduled appointments with the mother in her home and there's a caseworker from each address assigned who had contact with the mother also .
I don't know if it was a scheduled appointment time but she made she kept contact with the mother .
Did the mother follow through and appear at scheduled appointment .
Your honor i'm going to object unless she asked him if he has specific knowledge of that information .
Your honor he is the record keeper .
Does the record reflect that mrs. kingsley failed to keep her scheduled appointment .
With whom .
With anyone that she scheduled appointments for services for in the summer of nineteen eighty nine .
Your honor i believe i have an objection and i have had .
Well that's a totally different question .
He's the record keeper i don't think he has any personal knowledge <unk> he didn't get involved with this until lately .
But he's the record keeper .
So from the records the question that asks for research of the records to determine .
Is there an objection to that .
Yes sir .
I still say that's hearsay and your honor i'll live by the court's ruling but my point is that i think there's going to be a lot of information in these files .
In this type of case we're in an elaborate disposition hearing actually .
That's correct .
And the hearsay is always available in a disposition hearing .
Hearsay of this sort is that type of exception that is available in a disposition hearing .
Well your honor it's not only a disposition hearing this is a termination hearing .
I said though it's like an elaborate disposition hearing .
Like an elaborate disposition hearing but it is a termination hearing .
I just want to make that clear your honor .
