In the end the o. j. simpson case could turn on a the results of complex scientific testing involving the d. n. a. .
In our focal point c. n. n.'s robert vito takes a closer look at how what happens in laboratory can impact on what happens inside the courtroom .
A few drops of blood yield volumes of information .
D. n. a. strands pulled out of blood cells can give scientists an individual's d. n. a. code .
D. n. a. it could become a major issue in the upcoming o. j. simpson murder trial .
Is the testing proposed by the prosecution necessary .
All that we're asking for is that we be able to replicate their p. c. r. tests before they do the rflp tests .
Polymerase chain reaction or p. c. r. testing what it usually does is tell whether a person is excluded that the person could not be the source of a blood sample being examined from a crime scene .
But it cannot tell if the sample came from a particular person and that's why some legal experts say .
You're never going to here about p. c. r. testimony in the courtroom in california .
P. c. r. thus far it has not been determined to be admissible in california courts .
It is a different story for restriction fragment links <unk> or rflp .
Rflp testing provides the most powerful tool the most discriminating tool to discern an individual that exists in evidence analysis today .
Statistics can be developed from rflp testing which really help the prosecutor sustain its burden of proof .
It is not uncommon to have statistics that show one in two hundred fifty thousand or that one in a million have the same genetic blood match .
P. c. r. is a preliminary test it takes about one week to complete .
Rflp is more precise and takes about four to six weeks for results .
<unk> laboratories which will do the testing in this case hails d. n. a. fingerprinting as the ultimate identification technology .
By using the latest tools of molecular biology scientists can look at the d. n. a. in a few cells and tell beyond any doubt from whom those cells came .
But not everyone agrees including some <unk> .
One shouldn't assume that a d. n. a. test is <unk> .
We know these tests although helpful are not <unk> .
Errors can occur <unk> can occur .
The technology of d. n. a. testing has gained general acceptance over time .
But the problem is the methodology .
The defense can raise issues about errors that took place in analysis .
As for the controversy over splitting samples in the simpson case it's easy to do for p. c. r. testing because only a tiny amount of blood is needed .
But the prosecution is concerned that even with only ten percent of the sample set aside for the defense there won't be enough for prosecutors to complete the more complicated rflp test .
