These are the sights and sounds that light a <unk> fire .
The risks are high not only on the casino floor but upstairs in the executive suite .
No one knows that better than arthur goldberg head of <unk> manufacturing which runs five casinos nationwide .
The barges .
We bought the barges to construct the casino in biloxi .
To me that's the biggest challenge of my job coming up with a product that fits that fits today that may have to change to fit tomorrow .
In nineteen ninety when arthur took over as chairman and c. e. o. <unk> manufacturing was down on its luck .
It was nearly two billion dollars in debt .
Its las vegas casino in bankruptcy .
Its health and fitness arm up for sale .
Goldberg came to the rescue in a round a bout way .
Are you the employee of the year .
Yeah i'm trying to be .
He acquired a five percent stake in the company then watched as the stock plummeted to around two dollars a share .
So goldberg rolled the dice betting he could return <unk> to the black .
He presented a restructuring plan to the board the board liked it and made him bet his full stake .
It named him chairman and c. e. o. with a mandate to fix the company .
There was a slight problem goldberg had no experience running a gaming or fitness company .
The bulk of his career had been as an investor a lawyer who has been called a corporate raider .
Goldberg showed his muscle firming up a balance sheet slashing costs trimming debt .
<unk> is well on the road to profitability and goldberg is happy with his stock holdings .
All i can say is i haven't sold any .
Arthur goldberg has made a career out of picking winning companies but ironically he didn't choose <unk> .
The stock tip came from his wife .
Arthur bet on her <unk> and now the gamble seems to be paying off .
Arthur goldberg of <unk> manufacturing next on pinnacle .
Rising in the middle of nowhere is a town like no other .
Las vegas nevada once a sleepy desert pit stop turned into america's gambling mecca by a gangster .
<unk> manufacturing got its start in the gaming business making slot machines .
Today it owns five casinos nationwide including the two thousand room <unk> las vegas .
We have the super bowl we have mrs. clinton .
I'm glad you were able to get me a room .
More casinos are planned as gambling fever sweeps communities looking for a fast way to make a tax dollar .
<unk> has two properties in atlantic city the <unk> park place and the grand .
That's where we met arthur goldberg <unk> chairman and c. e. o. since nineteen ninety in an elaborate suite reserved for high rollers people who gamble on average fifty thousand dollars a weekend .
Arthur let's start back a ways back a long ways .
You wanted to go to law school you went to <unk> law .
Why .
What was it about the law that interested you .
Well bill at that time when i was in my last year at rutgers i had a friend whose father was a great federal judge .
He was concerned about what i was going to do when i graduated .
He asked me i said i didn't know .
And he said i think i know what you're going to do you're going to go to law school .
So he told me to take the law school <unk> tests and he wrote me a letter and the next thing i knew i was a student at <unk> law school .
You went on you joined a law firm you became a trial lawyer and then you suddenly gave it up .
During a period of my law practice my father had his fourth heart attack .
And we had a very small family held business at that time whose assets were tiny but they were really all that we had .
So i took a six month leave of absence to either sell that or see what could happen .
And i never went back to the practice of law .
Arthur turned his <unk> trucking company into one of the largest in the nation eventually selling it for thirty million dollars .
The money helped launch his career as an investor .
After the trucking company you kind of went through a series of companies sort of buy into it operate click sell it buy in operate click sell it .
Why .
Why did you it was almost as though you were searching for something .
Well people ask me the question well what's going to happen here at <unk> and the basic difference is that this business allows me to be involved with something that can influence demand .
The businesses that i had been in prior there to transportation manufacturing the supply and demand curves were relatively the same .
One of the business for instance bill was manufacturing of bombs .
Well the u. s. government told us how many bombs to make and we couldn't influence the demand for bombs or hopefully we couldn't influence the demand for bombs .
We're here .
It's just been a lot of fun being involved in an industry that's changed more in the last three years than it did in the first thirty .
You were building up stakes in companies selling them back .
I'm sure you've heard the charges .
You were called a <unk> .
You were called a fast buck operator .
How do you how do you answer those charges .
Well you know i really don't know how to define them .
I never went to someone and asked them to buy stock .
I've always found that <unk> was a term where a weak executive who was more concerned about his job than his shareholders rushed out to buy shares to protect that job .
I think it's wrong .
I think that it should never happen .
But if someone comes to me and wants to buy something and i want to sell it that's an activity that i think is fine .
In all goldberg and his partners are believed to have made sixty million dollars from various in and out deals .
Goldberg thinks out his business in his daily <unk> of jogging .
Most of <unk> restructuring was thought up during one of those runs .
He's also taken on marathons .
Draw the analogy for me between running a marathon and running a business .
Shortly after i got this job with <unk> the health and tennis group had a consortium to discuss what they had done the prior year and what they were going to do the next year .
And at that time <unk> was not in great great shape .
And i used the marathon as my speech .
And the hitting of the wall the looking ahead and thinking you can't even go another step further and realizing if you just keep the one foot ahead of the other you'll finish .
I think you have the same obstacles .
You can't start too early you can't sprint the first two miles .
You have to pace yourself .
You have to drink water along the way .
You have to have the same disciplines as you do with business .
Arthur we're going to take another break here .
And pinnacle will be back in just a moment .
Besides business arthur goldberg thrives on exercise .
It's really a way to compete with yourself .
He works out with a personal trainer at a <unk> spa .
<unk> operates the only national chain of fitness clubs whose string including jack la <unk> clubs .
Why work out at <unk> .
<unk> .
<unk> aerobic trainers .
<unk> .
More than a quarter of all americans working out in a club do it at <unk> .
Which side of the business do you like more the gaming side or the health side .
Well that's almost like asking which of my children i like better and i happen to like all four of them equally .
They're both interesting businesses and both with great futures .
Don't you think that gambling on one side health clubs on the other are almost <unk> .
One is a sedentary occupation the other is people exercising breaking into a sweat .
I've said publicly that these two companies while they're both excellent excellent companies with good growth ahead of them probably belong separated .
Shareholders may be better served if we separate these companies .
And that is being reviewed now .
So are you thinking of spinning off .
Well we've publicly said that that's an option that we're looking at very closely .
Which one would you stay with .
Well i think for a while i would stay with both of them .
Meanwhile arthur is expanding his gambling operations to include a riverboat in new orleans .
<unk> thirty five dollar million casino in <unk> mississippi is finishing its first year .
How many slots would that take us to .
That would take us up to around one thousand eight hundred slot machines and keep us somewhere around one hundred table games .
And arthur is also enlarging his atlantic city property .
We have purchased some land in philadelphia for the future .
We're actively bidding in saint louis .
We look forward to gaming in chicago if that's to be .
You have certainly the two centers las vegas atlantic city .
We're talking philadelphia .
We've got <unk> up and down the mississippi .
There are casinos popping up everywhere .
There is a finite number of gamblers .
Is this industry in danger of becoming terribly <unk> .
I think that where you have unlimited licenses easy money you're going to have problems .
I mean if you take a look at this boardwalk outside and the number of casinos along it we all have the same boardwalk we all have the same opportunities .
Those casinos that can maintain that experience for their patrons develop new experiences and build a first class product will succeed .
I think you're quite right there is going to be an <unk> .
Do i think it's here yet .
Number .
Is it coming .
Yes .
Casinos are searching for identity to compete in this new gambling world .
Some are gearing up to attract the whole family .
<unk> las vegas caters more to adults although it is planning to build a monorail to connect it to the family oriented m. g. m. grand the largest hotel in the world .
What kind of an executive are you .
Are you a hands on i've got to be involved with everything or i'm going to sit back and delegate .
Well i've been accused of a lot of micromanagement in my days .
But i have one management technique that i've always kept and that's i look at every check over five thousand dollars that goes out .
And i have always found that to be a very very good discipline .
I don't believe in a firm and rigid chain of command .
For instance in las vegas i went there early on and i became very friendly with the people in room service who take the orders from the customers .
It game me an <unk> of what our guests thought .
What were our guests ordering .
What do they want .
What's the biggest thing ordered today super bowl weekend .
Cheeseburgers .
Cheeseburgers .
You took it over almost two billion dollars in debt losing money .
What did you feel you had to do immediately to turn it around .
Well i learned one thing .
I thought i was pretty smart and i bought a lot of stock in this company .
And i bought the stock at seven dollars and eight dollars and before i knew it it was two dollars .
So before i .
You decided you weren't quite so smart at that point .
I really got a lesson in humility .
Before i even became a director of this company i knew that i had made a little bit of a mistake and it wasn't quite so rosy .
And i had worked on a restructuring plan even before i took over .
Arthur allowed himself three years to carry out the plan .
He finished in two cutting the debt from two billion dollars to one billion dollars and <unk> some businesses .
I have a business theory which says that if you run a company for cash flow earnings will follow .
But if you run a company for earnings as <unk> had done cash isn't necessarily available .
And i can remember early on in the <unk> experience a reporter from the new york times was nice enough to call me for an interview .
And he said well will you be facing bankruptcy and i said well i really don't know how to spell the <unk> and in the weeks thereafter i kept thinking about that interview and started to think b. a but everything worked out .
How close did you get to the c. y. .
Well i never would admit they existed .
That attitude has helped arthur triumph in a complicated business one that takes knowledge of many fields card tables and slots restaurants hotel management and entertainment .
The lesson of experience when pinnacle continues .
In the gaming business there are three sure things there will always be winners a few losers a lot and those trying to cheat the system .
We're looking at a past post attempt in <unk> .
We'll see that we'll circle there .
The top of the board is where the player is going to attempt to put money down after the number has landed .
And you're going to catch him .
In this case we didn't catch him .
Pretty quick .
I'm going to jump way back .
Tell me about the very young arthur goldberg .
What lessons did you carry through .
Lessons that i carried through is do what you think is right .
Don't be guided by the decisions of in business your competitors what other people think .
A lot of times their motors might be right they don't know all the facts .
Do what you think is right and the rest should take care of itself .
<unk> pioneered computer cards for steady customers .
These cards let <unk> know how much a person is gambling and on which games .
And while they don't pay for your gambling you can win points for shows and hotel rooms .
If you don't know how to play the games no problem you can get instruction and a degree from <unk> university .
You have obviously been enormously successful and in our society success translates as money .
How important is money to you .
Well success is getting what you want .
Happiness is wanting what you get .
And i prefer happiness .
You don't prefer the money .
I'm fine .
I have no problems with the money .
It's said you're among the richest men in the new york new jersey connecticut area .
Well i don't think that's accurate but i'm comfortable .
Arthur met his wife ronnie when they were in high school .
She was fifteen .
They've been married for thirty one years and the <unk> have four children one grandchild .
Is your wife a part of your business decisions .
She has a lot of common sense .
And a lot of times we'll talk about general decisions .
She doesn't really want to get into the specifics .
You know she has her own interests her own charitable and educational interests .
But i think that the <unk> case is one where i was not certain whether we should do it not only for the monetary end but the time end .
It's an enormous amount of time involved in these companies .
And i thought it only fair that that be a topic of conversation .
So i think she's got a good deal of common sense and she gives me the irish viewpoint on issues .
What do you consider the most devastating moment in your life .
My most devastating moment clearly was i think when my father died .
You don't realize immortality et cetera but very close to my father .
And telling my son that his grandfather died and trying to explain it to a nine year old was very difficult for me .
How did he feel about what you did to his company .
I waited until he died to sell it because that was his life .
And he worked every day and he died at work and that's where he said he would die .
So going forward i waited until his demise and then quickly sold the company .
What do you want people to think when they hear the name arthur goldberg .
Well i'd like them to think that i've been a fair person throughout my career that i have tried to construct something here at <unk> to go forward .
And i'm not ready to write the last chapter yet so the answer to this question might change in a couple of years .
But these young executives coming up are fine people probably a lot more intelligent than i was coming up .
And to me the ability to help train some of these people and give them an opportunity to treat them fairly economically let them make decent <unk> all of our people deserve an opportunity .
I think if i could be remembered as giving people the opportunity to go forward with their lives i'd be very happy .
Arthur may get his wish .
He's assembled a winning team to help manage <unk> manufacturing and he allows the team to take its own chances a strategy that puts arthur goldberg at the pinnacle .
