From tuscaloosa alabama a mystery .
Does a shadowy conspiracy hold a secret and powerful grip on student government at the university of alabama .
Critics say yes .
C. n. n.'s pat etheridge investigates the machine .
University of alabama's crimson tide is a football powerhouse .
But the football team is not the only powerhouse on this campus .
It's easier to win a national championship at the university of alabama than it is for an independent to succeed in getting elected president of the <unk> .
Here student government elections are serious business .
Historically controlled by the machine a shadowy coalition of white fraternities and <unk> .
It's <unk> .
It's not so much a voting block exists but a voting block exists that you cannot become a part of unless you're in a select fraternity unless you are a white and that you can't really have any power in unless you are a male .
The machine has been a force on this campus for decades holding secret weekly meetings aimed at getting its people elected and reigning over student government expenditures .
Yet on this campus of twenty thousand students the machine remains firmly underground .
Members take lifetime vows of secrecy .
This former member agreed to talk on the condition he would not be identified .
By being secretive they don't have to answer to what they're doing .
And they can always say well we technically don't exist .
This also adds to the mystique about it it adds to the to its power .
The <unk> real name is <unk> <unk> <unk> and the greek letters spell one .
One as in one voice one point of view .
In recent years in the wake of independent challenges from women and minorities it's evolved from a political lobby into something sinister .
There have been <unk> wire taps break ins cars have been run off the road .
There have been physical assaults in homes of candidates .
<unk> riley who launched a strong campaign as an independent candidate this year paid a price .
You get emotionally <unk> you have to give up a lot of that you know i've been beaten up i've gotten death threats .
Two weeks ago at her home <unk> says she was assaulted by a masked man .
A man who told her she was messing with the wrong people .
There have been no arrests but the attack is widely believe to be the work of the machine .
As a result administrators called off the election set for this week .
<unk> riley is not the first independent candidate running without the machine endorsement to suffer the consequences .
They're very powerful .
They can do whatever they want because they have a philosophy that winning is the only thing .
When fran <unk> son gained a following in nineteen eighty nine the machine targeted the family business a local pizza place that catered to fraternities .
The retribution was incredible .
It appeared that selectively the fraternities and <unk> that were machine chose not to buy pizza from us anymore .
Joey <unk> lost the election and eventually <unk> went out of business .
Candidates routinely spend thousands of dollars on campaigns and running for office at university of alabama is seen as a springboard for higher office .
By and large students administrators and faculty agree .
Let's reinvent student government let's get the secrecy out of student government let's open it up let's get participation .
It's time for the machine to show its face .
If the machine ever were to come above ground it would diminish in power .
Participation may be the key .
The power to control feeds on apathy and in the last election at the university of alabama only fifteen percent of the student body turned out to vote .
