I tell you .
When i was a kid growing up there was no such thing as radar detectors in schools so that you couldn't bring a gun to school .
Weapons fist fights stabbings violence disruptions in the classroom growing rapes and attacks .
Let's talk about this .
I can't figure it out .
Let's go to our first call in michigan .
You're thoughts please .
Hello .
Hello michigan go ahead .
Oh yes i was just curious .
I was thinking that in those in between years it's kind of hard to find social activities for the kids in those in between years say from the age of fifteen on up to college age twenty to twenty one .
Well that you know anything could be the cause of it .
Let's go to the parents .
Are parents dropping the ball here .
Well it could be the credit crunch .
Parents are .
So you're saying it could be the economy .
Yeah the economy .
The credit crunch .
The economy is keeping the parents busy .
They're totally working .
They can't get out and be socially active with their children anymore .
Sure and there are a lot of disadvantaged families right now too which may explain some of it .
Thank you sir .
Appreciate your call .
Our next call from florida hello .
Hi .
This is carol from florida .
Carol hello .
And i'd like to say that i think the biggest perpetrators of crime is the government itself .
They are ones causing the children to be the way they are .
They're cutting off any kind of upward mobility and they provide role models for crime lying .
Everybody in this country knows if the white house flatly denies it it's probably true .
The same thing is true of all government officials .
Our government is full of a bunch of lawyers and does anybody know an honest one .
I don't and most of us don't .
Carol i'm trying to understand what you're saying .
You're saying it's the government's fault that we should should we be creating programs for children like the first caller said .
Yes i think we should .
I didn't hear all the first caller said because you know you said turn down the television and i understand why but the problem is that we have all kinds of things going on in the government and once in a while a really investigative report will uncover something and he shut up real quick .
So you're basically saying that .
They are providing role models for lying and doing violence .
Look at what happened in california in the riot .
Our tanks running down our own people .
Carol thank you very much for taking the time to talk to us .
Let's go to our next call in california hello .
Hi yeah .
Hi go ahead sir .
Your thoughts please .
Hello .
Hi how are you .
I just wanted to say growing up in tough times seems to be more of a universal thing that's coming right down into the land and you know until see flooding all over the place and constant riots here and there and you know the international community can only like throw its nose up you know to this ethnic cleansing which is just the second holocaust and i can't believe this is even being tolerated myself .
So you're saying its the world we live in today that is leaning in this direction .
Yes see i heard you mention a moment before that teens are getting really violent and all of this is really happening but you see it directly on the news .
The world is an extremely violent place .
What part of california are you calling from sir .
I'm calling from san diego .
Okay appreciate your call .
Thank you very much .
Let's go to our next call in texas hello .
Yes .
Go ahead sir .
Yes i just have a problem with the individual responsibility .
I think the kids today think they're going to do something so they know they're not going to be blamed for it .
It's going to be their environment or it's going to be because they were abused or it's going to be this .
I think we need to learn to take more individual responsibility for what we do and stop blaming it on the government or on everything else because when i was fifteen sixteen i basically knew wrong from right and i think most people do .
Don't you agree .
Yeah and what do you attribute to what is going on now too though .
Well i attribute it well i do attribute it to society .
I mean i do think our society is getting worse but i also think that kids today know when they do something that it's going to be the fence of abuse .
They ought to know what's right or wrong .
You're right but are kids today under different pressures than when you were a kid .
Oh yes definitely .
I think there's more pressure in sex .
I think there's more pressure in violence but i don't think you can attribute it to t. v. and to the music and .
Yeah but don't you think m. t. v. and a lot of violent rap songs have something to do with some of this in some way shape or form .
Yes i think it has something to do but i think it's more individual responsibility and what you think .
Okay .
Good point thank you very much for calling us .
Let's go to our next call in illinois .
Hello .
Yeah what i wanted to talk to you about is i want to know what do you expect from the children today when there are not enough jobs and you have things like someone who grows marijuana has this same is equated the same penalty as a life threatening robber .
You have drugs on the street .
You have soldiers coming in with guns .
I mean what do you expect from them .
I mean you know there were one thousand five hundred murders in new york city in nineteen eighty nine .
In london there were sixty nine murders .
And people say that has nothing to do with it .
What about the netherlands .
Nobody can speak against the netherlands .
They have the lowest per capita crime rate .
They have the lowest per capita teenage pregnancy .
Lowest per capita aids cases lowest per capita they have the lowest per capita everything .
So what's your answer to that .
I mean how come more people don't use don't look at good journalism like high times .
Well i don't have an answer for you obviously .
I'm trying to figure this thing out too .
You know when i was a kid this stuff wouldn't be allowed and if it was you would hear about it and you would either be expelled from school or your parents would have been called or something .
Today you try to call a kid's parents for something the kid does in school and the parents are never home .
Major problem .
That's definitely the whole thing .
The priorities are in the wrong place .
They're in the wrong place .
You don't care about children .
The journalists they don't there's two thousand five hundred murders in new york city in nineteen ninety two and how many of those were drug related .
Eighty percent .
I can't help but think that years ago when i was a kid nineteen oh four i believe it was years and years ago didn't have the films that you have today television that you have today where there's constant murders and the desensitization the <unk> was not as heavy as it is today .
That's the whole problem .
Children don't watch things like public broadcasts or they don't watch things like the discovery channel the learning channel things like that .
No because they're so excited by crime and they glorify crime .
You have people with a. k. forty seven's running around in the street .
I mean you go down and i could go down i could take you to one hundred streets right now where you could buy drugs up and down the street from people standing just police right there .
It's going on .
It's happening and it's killing this nation .
You know how much we lose .
We lose about five hundred billion dollars a year a year .
Appreciate your call .
Thank you for your comments .
Our next call from north carolina hello .
Good morning brian .
Good morning .
You know society has changed so much in just the past couple of generations when you consider for example the demise of the extended family a lot of young people don't have family members grandparents aunts uncles what have you receiving social learning which is so important which seems to have left an entire generation you know sitting behind the television and there was doctor <unk> who did a very famous study about children watching films of people behaving aggressively with the bobo doll that bounces back up every time you hit it .
One group of children watched children behaving aggressively and being punished afterwards .
Another group of children watched the same aggressive behavior without being punished and as it turned out they discovered that the children who saw the punishment and those who did not see the punishment both exhibited aggressive behavior .
So when you consider the kids watching the television it's like well the bad guy gets it in the end .
They don't equate punishment with the aggressive behavior .
They just see the aggressive behavior and mimic that .
Is this what dan quayle was talking about when he talked about family values .
I don't really believe that it's so much a question of family values as it is maybe perhaps more responsibility in media not the press but as far as entertainment is concerned .
Good point .
Great .
Thank you very much for talking to us .
We're talking tonight about kids and violence and what's going on in our society today .
Is growing up getting more difficult .
Are the pressures of adolescence causing some teens to break the law or is that just your basic excuse .
We want to know what you think .
Here's the phone number .
Four oh four two two one one eight five five .
We'll take a break .
We're talking about kids .
What's wrong with those kids today .
We're talking about radar detectors bringing weapons to school .
Not only knives but guns fist fights stabbings violence taking place .
I've got to tell you when i was a kid if i even thought about doing something like that my father maybe it comes back to the parents .
Do you ever think about that .
Maybe it goes back to the parents .
Anyway let's talk about it .
A discussion like this always involves some mention of the ready availability of guns .
Just to put it in some perspective a disturbing new poll shows that nearly sixty percent of teenagers polled say they can get they can get a hold of a handgun .
Fifteen percent say they've carried a gun in the past month .
Fifteen percent .
Twenty two percent of these teenagers say they've actually taken a gun to school .
Can you imagine .
Can you imagine this .
And fifteen percent say they carried a gun in the past month .
I mentioned that .
What a mess .
Let's go to our next call in mississippi hello .
Hello .
Hi go ahead sir .
How are you doing brian .
I really don't think it's that tough to grow up in the nineties here .
You know if you have enough will power to do what you want to do and not let your friends influence you all the time you know .
I get home and i see my dad drinking all the time but that doesn't mean i have to go out drinking just because i don't have to do what my parents want to do and i see my friends do all kinds of stuff and if i wanted to do that stuff you know i could do it .
If i don't want to do it i don't have to do it .
It's not really that tough .
If you just put your mind to it you don't have to go along with what everybody else says .
What about peer pressure .
Do you think that has anything to do with this .
It does .
It has a lot to do with it but i mean i've given in to peer pressure before .
Sure everybody does but you know you don't have to .
You only have yourself to blame if you give in to it .
Sure but when you were growing up did your parents ever really come down on you for doing something bad .
Oh yes very very .
So they did show you some kind of guidance along the way .
Oh yes .
Okay .
Thanks for your call .
Let's go to our next call in new york hello .
Good morning brian .
Good morning go ahead .
First of all i'd like to say you do a great job .
That's very kind of you .
Thank you .
I don't want to down fight it and make it sound that it's not important that we look into why this is happening but i think that we tend to neglect all the good kids out there and not everyone is getting into trouble and i think the teenagers of today just want to be understood like any generation and i think maybe part of the problem that there's so much trouble in inner cities is that there's just so many people and any time you get that many people together in one area that close .
Sure and under the economic frustrations that many of them are under may have something to do with it .
Yeah good point .
Thank you for your call .
Let's take a quick break and we'll come back with more of your phone calls .
We're talking about kids and the frustrations and what they're going through trying to grow up in these days .
Stay right there .
We're talking about the frustrations of growing up these days as compared to days that have gone by .
Let's go to our next call in florida hello .
Hello .
Quickly go ahead .
Oh okay .
Well i think i keep hearing about how things were when you grew up with music and television meant for you as a young man and i have to wonder you know if television and music at that time was idealistic for what your household the cleaver family or my three sons or the ideal business was the dick van dyke show with his music or rather news room and everything .
That was the ideal businessman and so then i have to wonder that if music and television today is an <unk> to what living today is for people in inner cities and how it and it's spreading to the urban suburbs or around all parts of the u. s. .
And so i have to wonder if that music doesn't reflect that rap music the new urban movies boyz in the hood and new jack city and if it does how did it get that bad .
Sure good point .
Why isn't anybody looking at that .
Good comment .
Thank you for your call .
Let's go to one more call in toronto quickly .
Go ahead .
Go ahead ma'am we're running short of time .
Go ahead .
Okay good morning .
Yes i find that we for whatever reasons many of them mentioned tonight that we are raising a class of a generation of people without empathy that have no sense of how their actions are affecting other people .
Something to think about .
No question and lack of empathy is a good phrase .
Thank you all for taking the time to talk to us .
That's all the time we have this morning for your calls .
