Doctors have spent years in medical school learning about the human body and how to treat its ills .
Some medical students are getting schooled in the humanities as well .
The goal better bedside manner .
C. n. n.'s al hinman has the story in this news from medicine .
Tomorrow's doctors learn on the run on daily teaching rounds .
Brand new doctors brief medical students under the watchful eye of their physician teachers at <unk> memorial hospital in columbia south carolina .
The point is is that <unk> stroke is a preventable illness .
There's more than the science of healing being taught at the university of south carolina's school of medicine .
I was going to ask you to comment on the contrast between liberty and equality .
Doctors and doctors in training study the humanities here with a sign reading from plato to shakespeare to the u. s. constitution .
There's truths in those areas that are very valuable truth yet different kind of truth than a scientific truth .
Doctor donald saunders believes the great ideas of the past and present can help produce better doctors .
Ethics is about what ought to be done what should be done .
It's that's what it's about .
What is the right thing to do .
What is the good that we should seek .
That's what ethics and moral behavior is about .
Doctor saunders candidly tells his ethics classes he feels many physicians have lost sight of the humanity in medicine .
Really his medical problems i think are fairly straightforward .
Again he's not really a diagnostic problem .
Recent american medical association polls show a slippage in the public trust of the medical profession one reason more medical schools are making ethics training mandatory .
There's more and more effort that's being made to you know don't be a real hard case .
There are other things you need to look at .
This is a person .
It's not a you know heart attack that got you up at four o'clock in the morning and if somebody who hasn't been taking care of themselves .
This is a person that has <unk> problems .
The goal of the south carolina ethics training is to create a new version of the warm and caring old family doctor .
The best doctor will be a good friend and a good friend is going to be moved when you've got a problem .
A good friend is also going to be there to help you get through it .
The move to train kinder <unk> doctors comes as medicine grows increasingly more high tech .
But with all this technology doctors are finding it even tougher and even more important they say to maintain a close caring relationship with all their patients .
