Yes your honor .
Can you tell me what that is .
Yes .
In california the law has always been with blood samples that blood samples shall be shared .
And that is consistent under <unk> .
That is the law in california that if someone takes a test for <unk> and chooses to take a blood test a sample will be preserved for their later analysis and i think fair play and fundamental justice and the dicta in the opinion indicates that the people will be operating at their peril if they decide to do this test and consume the entire sample and we bring experts to say that was unfair and those samples would have left enough for testing or that the testing that they have suggested is not the proper testing or that we are deprived of <unk> evidence by performing tests that are clearly geared towards <unk> which is not what the prosecution is doing then i think there are some very serious legal issues on the horizon and we wanted to address those before anything took place and make our position very very clear .
The problem with the <unk> case though that you're citing for the court is that deals with blood alcohol evidence where a specific sample is taken for the purpose of testing and it's taken in an abundant sample so that there will always be ample sample to be tested by either side .
This is a crime scene case where we're dealing with very small and very finite samples .
And factually there's a big distinction between <unk> and griffin .
There certainly is and certainly this is material that is very new to all of us and how these samples should be shared .
And we believe and we believe our position is constitutionally correct that if we are deprived of any portion of this sample for our own independent analysis that we are deprived of due process and that it would be unfair for one side to present results when the other side had no chance to do anything more than look over the shoulder of somebody with the rules they have set down which provide that we are exclude during incubation periods we're excluded during weekends we're only there we cannot participate in any way we cannot photograph we can't do anything .
We can sit there and look and that is not fair it is not fair to mr. simpson it's not fair to this case .
Of what value would photographing be during the course of this .
Your honor again .
<unk> .
Again i'm not a scientist .
I have been told by doctor lee and we can get an affidavit out here by fax if you would like it possibly by the end of the day today and certainly by tomorrow that observation serves no purpose and that every expert in the country will tell you that merely observing someone else do a test of this type serves no function whatsoever other than to waste the time of the observer .
All right .
Thank you judge .
All right the court's ruling will be as follows .
I will direct that cellmark allow the presence of doctor blake and or doctor lee and that doctor blake or doctor lee be allowed to conduct the cutting of the sample and that will be conducted however at the cellmark premises and under with their equipment and using their <unk> .
And that doctor lee will be and doctor blake will be given access to observe any of the testing procedures at all in reasonable business however held by cellmark .
Your honor can we address .
Your honor may i just make a comment on the for the record .
Absolutely .
Thank you .
When you are saying you are giving us permission you are not requiring us to be there .
Number .
So that would be totally up to doctor lee and doctor blake determining in their expertise that watching under the protocol that has been established here and doing nothing more is of no benefit they are not under any compulsion to do so .
That is correct .
That is an option that's open field .
Thank you .
In your discretion and in your professional judgment .
Thank you i appreciate that judge .
All right ms. clark you had one other matter coming up .
Yes and i as i understand it let me ask the court that the minute order will contain a direction that the cutting is to be pursuant to the protocol and standard operating procedure at cellmark .
I think that's what i just said .
I'm sorry .
The other issues that i have to address is that as i understand it counsel had asked some attorneys be present in the lab the lab does not allow the guidelines do not allow for the presence of attorneys .
Why not .
I don't have to tell the court i'm sure .
The court can imagine why .
And there really is no valid purpose in having an attorney present .
The scientists being present i can understand anyone can understand that .
They know what they're watching .
They know what they're doing .
They know the significance of the procedures that are being followed and they allow for additional people to be there who are not scientists not going to take part in the procedures it serves no valid purpose and unduly <unk> the lab with unnecessary people .
And so we would ask that the court so indicate in its order as well .
Well the order is that doctor blake and slash or doctor lee .
Only .
Is that thank you your honor .
And also that there be no attorneys allowed no attorneys are allowed to speak to any of the lab personnel .
That's part of their guidelines and i wanted to make sure that .
That's during the course of the testing only .
At any time as i understand it but certainly during the course of the testing that would be a distraction that would be .
Oh i understand obviously after the testing is concluded they can be interviewed as witnesses .
If they choose yes .
I would assume that they can otherwise i wouldn't be able to talk to them either but with respect to the written order will we be able to fax a order to cellmark .
Yes .
O. k. and then the testing will be beginning tomorrow at nine a. m. .
Eastern .
Eastern time your honor .
It'll be three hours later than here .
O. k. .
O. k. .
Mr. shapiro any comments on any .
Wait let me can i finish .
I'm sorry .
I'm sorry .
Sure .
I'd like to remind counsel to provide a copy of cellmark's standard operating procedure for outside experts .
The guidelines that were given to him .
He should provide them a copy of those guidelines so they're aware of what the rules are for observing experts .
These are rules that cellmark has set down for following or to be followed by outside experts who observe their procedures quite a long time ago obviously not all counsel not all experts feel that the observation solution is so useless .
They had quite a few outside experts observe their procedures and so they do have these guidelines .
We've asked that they be provided to doctors lee and blake .
I also ask .
There is no objection to that .
Your honor .
Merely with providing them with a copy of .
I don't think we have to get to that issue .
I've talked to doctor lee at length about this .
I've provided the guidelines and based on these guidelines they are totally unacceptable they will not provide us with any information whatsoever and we will not participate .
All right .
Then i have nothing further to address the court .
All right thank you .
All right counsel anything else we need to take up this afternoon .
And we are scheduled for the twenty ninth at nine o'clock for the discovery .
We'll be in this court your honor .
Yes .
This will be our home away from home .
All right anything else counsel .
Nothing else .
All right we'll stand in recess .
Thank you very much your honor .
Thank you your honor .
O. k. there you have it .
This emergency hearing is now over .
It all concerned d. n. a. testing .
The prosecution is to begin rflp testing on some blood samples beginning tomorrow at nine a. m. .
