Whatever military action might or might not work to inhibit the serbs one thing is clear .
Sanctions are not doing the job .
In bosnia tonight a number of serbian <unk> are underway .
The serbs have already captured the muslim city of <unk> in the north .
Now they are going for the muslim suburbs .
It is a very one sided battle .
In northern bosnia a. b. c.'s jim wooten .
For these bosnian troops this is the serbs' answer to the u. n. sanctions .
Across the meadow hidden in the woods a serbian unit opens fire .
It is one small moment in a massive serbian push south from the city of <unk> .
Outnumbered and outgunned bosnian troops are running low on ammunition and everything else .
There is not even a helmet among them .
For the moment however they are holding at a steep and terrible cost .
A few miles from the front lines an impromptu field hospital flooded with casualties .
From the early morning on all day long one after another those wounded in the front line fighting at <unk> were brought here and by late in the afternoon the doctors had performed more than twenty major surgeries .
The operating room is the cellar of a private home .
This soldier's leg is horribly <unk> .
The surgeons used metal pins to hold it together .
In a parlor nearby the intensive care ward .
An elderly woman herself wounded surveys the trauma all around her a leg missing a shattered arm what was only recently a knee .
Doctor <unk> <unk> exhausted sleepless running low on anesthetic and <unk> and now he says it will only get worse .
As the muslim call to prayer <unk> the evening a nearby mosque bombed by serbian planes has become a morgue for those the doctors could not help their bodies washed their wounds covered .
A mother discovers her son .
Such beautiful children she says .
Oh god have mercy she prays god stand in their way stop them or all our men will be <unk> jim wooten a. b. c. news in northern bosnia .
In this war as in some others there's often more respect for the dead than there is for the living .
In the central bosnian town of <unk> today where muslims and croatians have been fighting each other there was an exchange of bodies .
The corpses of ninety seven muslim men and women were traded for those of four croatians .
This woman's husband had been missing .
Here today she learned that he was dead .
