We have a live update on the status of those parts of the midwest still being battered by the flooding mississippi river .
C. n. n. correspondent brian cabell is spending at least part of the day in <unk> illinois .
Brian .
Bob there is some good news here in <unk> illinois .
The good news is that over the last couple of days there have been no fatalities .
There have been a casualty or two .
In fact just yesterday a barber shop owner was working struggling to save his barber shop and <unk> over in exhaustion .
He's been told to give it a rest .
But as you can see with the sandbags over here some of the people out here are still trying to save their homes and their shops but they're not having too much luck .
The entire downtown area here in <unk> illinois has been virtually underwater for the last two days .
The levee broke about two days ago wednesday afternoon and ever since then it has been rising ever so slightly .
The <unk> <unk> down there is under about eight feet of water <unk> kitchen under about five feet of water the barber shop over here on the right that too under about four or five feet of water .
All of downtown is shut down .
Only one store is opened up and they will stay open as long as they can .
With me right now this is carroll reid a long time resident .
Carroll this is the worst flood you've ever experienced here isn't it .
Yes sir it is .
You've been here how many years .
All my life .
What about sixty five .
We've heard about the great flood of sixty five .
Okay the flood of sixty five as far as it came up was in the ditch right where you see the truck route sign .
The water was just in the ditch .
That's as far as it came up .
Kind of discouraging isn't it .
Very discouraging .
Are people moving out are they talking about moving out .
I talked to two families this morning that said that they were moving out yes .
And yourself you're high and dry at this time .
Well at the present time my home is i'm still in the flood plain here but my home is dry .
I do have water in the basement yes .
It was a sewage backup but my son and i got it out last night and so but i don't have any <unk> in my basement at the present time .
What about living by the mississippi .
The mississippi is what maybe two hundred yards down the block from us .
Isn't that discouraging .
Why don't you just say let's move another one hundred yards back .
Why do you stay here .
That i can't answer .
I mean love of the river .
This barricade you see way down there that's five blocks from here .
But you love the river .
Yes .
And you're going to stay .
Oh yeah i'll stay .
But if my house goes under no i will not stay .
It'll probably have to raise another four feet before i get my floors covered .
Let's keep our fingers crossed on that one .
But i've been in the flood of fifty two sixty five sixty nine seventy two and this one .
That was the major one .
The flood of ninety three is the worst then .
Oh definitely .
Mr. reid thank you very much .
Let's keep our fingers crossed that your home will stay dry .
Let me just tell you one gentleman told me about an hour ago that he loves the river too .
The river is like a friend .
You get along with your friend most of the time but every once in a while you have an argument .
And they have had an argument here the last couple of days and nature has won out .
