In the middle east the p. l. o. and israel say they will be ready for a mid december transition of power in jericho and the gaza strip .
Wednesday they got down to their first session of detailed talks on how they'll do that .
C. n. n.'s bill delaney reports a lot still needs to be worked out .
On the day the israel p. l. o. agreements of a month ago officially went into effect in the egyptian resort town of <unk> on the israeli border israeli and palestinian negotiators needed to nail down the nuances of palestinian self rule in jericho and the gaza strip .
What does it mean for the future that we can go ahead and continue the process of peace .
With self rule for gaza and jericho as close as mid december what must be decided by then includes when exactly and to where exactly will israeli troops withdraw .
With thousands of palestinians signed up for training as police in gaza and jericho what will they be allowed to do and not do and to whom .
And where to draw the line literally .
How to determine who can come and go and how between israel and gaza and jericho .
In cairo meanwhile israeli and palestinian ministers convene to oversee working committees like the one in <unk> .
The ministers declared decisions for jericho and gaza should be wrapped up in even less than the planned two months .
We have agreed on something which is both historic and realistic and material .
And we should not spare to show to the rest of the world that we were meaning really to create a new reality for the good of the people .
This is our intentions and we shall handle it .
It is not commercial agreement it is a historic agreement .
In <unk> that history must be made practical for gaza and jericho hard by hordes of sun worshipers who've slipped the real world for a few precious days leaving behind those unforeseen complications that have a way of revising even the best laid plans .
After the camp david agreements of nineteen seventy nine israel and egypt couldn't agree on what to do with one place <unk> .
They ended up arguing about it for ten years .
Negotiators here hope that's not an omen for what they hope to accomplish in two months .
