We end the broadcast tonight with a story that in many ways reflects the worst of us not the best .
It is about war and the pain war creates and like war itself it may be disturbing to watch .
A. b. c.'s jim laurie tonight on war bosnia and the eye of an artist .
The art of war remarkable paintings of the trench warfare of world war one of the death camps of world war two .
For eighty years the british government has commissioned painters to portray war once to glorify the british army now in the gulf war and in bosnia to portray the horrors of war as only artists can .
The artist provides if you like a record on a on a more personal a more sensitive emotional plane and so it really is a very important adjunct to the to the film and photographic record .
Peter <unk> is the latest artist to be sent off to create <unk> impressions of bosnia turning its endless stream of refugees into a grotesque portrait of faces in agony .
Bosnia is the most medieval and terrible of all wars .
I saw dead and mutilated bodies and there was constant constant firing .
There's <unk> there's <unk> .
Well i had to paint them .
<unk> was struck particularly by the powerlessness of u. n. troops .
But there is no help that we can give them .
And the helplessness on the faces of refugees who had just been ethnically <unk> faces etched in the artist's memory .
By far the most shocking most controversial of <unk> bosnia work is in this portrayal of the rape of a bosnian woman .
Every single side in bosnia be it serb croatian and muslim all raped and to me it it just sums up the whole war is this systematic rape .
The rape and destruction of an entire nation continues .
This art with its power to shock will live on as a reminder long after the more fleeting daily images of the bosnian war have been forgotten .
Jim laurie a. b. c. news london .
Tomorrow on this week with david brinkley how the democrats will cope now that they're out of power .
Among the guests the outgoing secretary of the treasury lloyd bentsen .
That's our report for tonight .
I'm aaron brown in washington .
