Over the span of a quarter century more than three million americans served a tour of duty in vietnam .
This wall now so familiar to most holds the names of fifty eight thousand one hundred eighty three the dead and the missing .
Only the civil war divided this nation more than did vietnam .
It was a war the u. s. did not win could not win .
The last american combat troops left vietnam in nineteen seventy three .
Saigon the south vietnamese capitol fell on april thirtieth nineteen seventy five .
This nation continued to <unk> over that unpopular war .
American servicemen and women would fight and die in combat again granada panama little battles and in one big noisy but mercifully short war in the persian gulf .
It's long overdue .
It is long overdue that we kick the vietnam syndrome .
Perhaps the military kicked the vietnam syndrome on the battlefields of iraq but not all americans have .
I'm charles bierbauer .
This report is about the battlefields and prison camps of the mind .
After a break for news headlines we'll meet families of the missing veterans whose lives are missing more than limbs as we examine the lingering vietnam syndrome .
Five hundred ninety one american prisoners of war came home after the nineteen seventy three peace agreement but more than two thousand americans are still unaccounted for .
For years reports or rumors have persisted .
Were the vietnamese still holding americans alive .
Earlier this month a report uncovered in moscow suggested vietnam may have held hundreds more prisoners than it ever admitted .
U. s. officials now doubt that but m. i. a. families have to hope .
Jeff flock visited the family of navy lieutenant daniel <unk> in le roy illinois .
Navy flyer dan <unk> junior nineteen seventy prisoner dan <unk> junior nineteen ninety at least that's what his family thinks .
I wear this bracelet and i look at that picture a thousand times a day and i know that's him .
It's not him says the u. s. government .
Dan <unk> is believed to be dead .
We were lied to by our government from the moment dan was shot down .
The strange case of dan <unk> demonstrates the doubt that still exists about whether u. s. servicemen remain captive in southeast asia and it demonstrates the always dogged sometimes blind zeal of families searching for their missing loved ones even when there is no apparent evidence they are alive .
We begin our story with dan <unk> senior .
After they told me that they thought that he was undoubtedly had been killed we just accepted it .
You believed them .
We believed them .
But nearly twenty years after dan junior's plane was hit over south vietnam in nineteen seventy two these photos emerged from the laotian jungle and the <unk> lives changed forever .
My heart fell to my feet .
I got chills and my hair stood up on end .
And then i said my god that's dan .
Armed with the <unk> photos u. s. government investigators went to laos to find the man in the pictures .
It turned out to be a seventy seven year old native named mr. <unk> .
The investigators brought back pictures of him and them .
End of case not for the <unk> .
They say well this and that and the other and you just get to the point where you don't believe a word they say .
Dan senior believed the government pictures were fakes so the family sent brothers chris and jim to laos to find and photograph the man themselves .
I didn't think we were going to see anybody .
We just figured the man he was going to get sick or die or disappear or something .
But then he turned up .
And as the tape they showed to us demonstrates it was not their brother .
Mr. <unk> confirmed that he was the man were convinced was their brother .
We say that they had to coach him .
They will not give up believing that this is dan and that he is still alive .
They've spent more than thirty thousand dollars hiring private investigators photo experts fingerprint analysts .
We've been working for quite some time with two psychics .
You'll try anything by golly .
In testimony before congress the government suggests that the photos are an example of cruel actions by fast operators who play on the hopes of families of p. o. w.s and m. i. a.s to make money families desperate to hear a loved one is still alive .
But you know what people say some people say .
Well you know they're just grasping at straws .
They want to believe the man's alive .
Yeah well i hear that quite a bit .
And you know do i really want to believe that he's been held in captivity for twenty years .
The <unk> say whatever happened they've been lied to .
They say they were essentially told their son was dead when the government had information he made it to the ground alive and was taken prisoner .
But they've got you to the point now that they just you don't know which way to turn .
So they turn to what some see as a crusade the pins bracelets buttons the flags that keep dan <unk> alive at home when many believe he is dead half a world away .
Nothing bad can happen .
You know we didn't have him before the pictures came out .
So even if it'd die right now and nothing else would happen we haven't lost anything .
I'm jeff flock c. n. n. in le roy illinois .
While the m. i. a. families wait for that final homecoming many vietnam veterans who survived their tour find they only made it part way home and live now in a limbo of mental anguish and bureaucratic fatigue .
