The president and first lady had a close relationship with <unk> kennedy onassis .
Both clintons in fact were deeply effected by the kennedy legacy .
C. n. n. senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer reports .
The kennedys have meant a lot to bill clinton something <unk> kennedy onassis understood and welcomed .
As a teenager he came to the white house to meet president kennedy in the rose garden and he says he was deeply effected .
Indeed on the morning of his own inauguration mr. clinton went first to arlington national cemetery to lay a wreath at the kennedy grave site .
He was joined by senator edward kennedy the late president's youngest brother .
Last october mr. clinton was able to keep up the symbolic relationship joining mrs. onassis and other family members at the dedication of a new wing of the john f. kennedy presidential library in boston .
He inspired millions of us to take a very personal responsibility moving our country forward and for advancing the cause of freedom throughout the world .
To many observers the clinton and kennedy presidencies seem to have much in common two young and energetic men trying to change the world .
The two first ladies also seem to have something in common despite their different eras youth a country's fascination and young children living in the white house under the constant glare of cameras .
I've also had wonderful conversations with jackie kennedy onassis whom i admire greatly and whom i've talked with about how she protected her children and what she did to give them a normal life .
Last summer the clinton kennedy connection was strengthened when the president and first lady <unk> on martha's vineyard and were invited to go boating with mrs. onassis and her long time companion maurice <unk> and their families .
The president says he and mrs. clinton are grateful to mrs. onassis .
She's been quite wonderful to my wife and to my daughter and to all of us .
White house officials say the president and first lady will almost certainly show their admiration for mrs. onassis by attending her funeral .
