The feds talk about regulating cigarettes as a drug and smokers think that's a drag .
This is c. n. n. and company with mary tillotson .
Thanks for being with us .
President clinton has already proposed a huge increase in cigarette taxes now the anti tobacco folks in the administration have stepped up their attack on nicotine suggesting it is a drug and may be subject to government regulation just like other drugs .
Here to talk about the latest bad news bombarding smokers are nancy lord who trained as a doctor and an attorney .
She's a member of the libertarian party .
<unk> <unk> is an attorney for a group called action on smoking and health .
And susan <unk> is vice president of the united smokers' association .
Bet a lot of people didn't know there was one susan .
We're glad all three of you can be with us .
And a quick question quick answer to the three of you to kick this show off .
Should the federal government ban cigarettes .
Nancy .
Well it's ridiculous .
It's not going to stop anyone from smoking and all we'll do is get black market cigarettes toxic poisonous non filter .
<unk> .
We don't believe in any question of prohibition because that has very bad legal connotations .
But what we do believe is that it should be controlled to the same extent as selling guns or selling any other dangerous drug or even selling tobacco remedies such as patches and tobacco chewing gum are controlled .
Susan .
Number .
Cigarettes should not be banned at all .
Because of cigarettes two point six million people in this country are employed <unk> citizens .
And we do need to look back at our lessons that history have shown us the lesson of prohibition the lesson of mccarthyism .
No it should not be banned .
Nancy do you see any irony in that joycelyn elders the surgeon general has suggested some drugs that are now criminal should be legalized .
And though she has not said she would ban cigarettes she certainly has suggested that the government should be tougher on them .
Isn't the threat in both directions pretty much the same a black market .
Exactly .
And i would recommend the exact same regulations as i would when we decide to legalize cocaine .
Which you do favor let's tell everybody .
Yes yes absolutely .
And pot .
Exactly .
And that would be an absolute ban on advertising .
There's no excuse for the joe camel ads .
Absolute ban on sales to children .
And local regulations as to where it can be sold .
<unk> you say you would support some regulation .
And i think if anything the f. d. a. would probably look to congress to set some guidelines about the strength of the nicotine and cigarettes .
How far would you have the government go with regulation .
No more over the counter sales of cigarettes .
Number .
That's so .
We believe that in fact the f. d. a. has full power to deal with this at the present moment .
We would have it no banning but a prescription .
It should be available on prescription as for example has already been done in the case of methadone .
This would not only have the advantage of limiting or at least controlling the sale of cigarettes but it would also be another step in keeping them away from children and young people .
What doctor is going to prescribe them .
I was going to ask prescription for what .
This is like these people that want to put cocaine on prescription .
No ethical responsible doctor wants the responsibility of prescribing nicotine or any other dangerous drug .
And why do you want to turn sixty million people or more in this country into what you want to call addicts who have to go out which is now very legal .
But susan we are addicts those of us who smoke .
No we are not .
Part of what <unk> me is .
We are <unk> .
As if it's a revelation that cigarettes are addictive .
We are <unk> .
You should be very proud of it .
<unk> we are addicted .
And we're addicted worse than people doing cocaine and heroin .
That is not true .
That is not true .
And people who have given up those drugs will tell you they can give up those drugs faster than cigarettes .
That is not true .
A question a question to <unk> if you say the f. d. a. has full power right now to regulate cigarettes isn't the logical conclusion can it only be that if they have that authority they should be banning those things .
You say write a prescription for them .
But as nancy says who would write a prescription for cigarettes .
Well to begin with i think already prescriptions are written for people who are addicted to heroin .
We have methadone situation .
We also have .
But that's to get them off a presumably worse drug .
Well this is this is also to get them off .
But all they're doing is they're shifting one addiction to another .
The other rather ridiculous thing is a doctor has to write a prescription for a nicotine patch or for nicotine chewing gum .
They don't cause lung cancer <unk> .
And this is the this is the .
They don't cause lung cancer .
There's a difference .
And we all know those things are designed to <unk> people off of the cigarettes therapeutic purpose .
The other point is the other point is i think we have to realize that we're dealing with cigarettes a drug and a danger which is far greater than anything else .
Crack cocaine two thousand deaths a year .
Yes .
That's right .
Susan your turn .
Four hundred thousand cigarettes death a year .
How many people how many people do you see mugging little old ladies on the street so they can go out and buy packs of cigarettes .
Now you want you want to talk about addiction a cigarette smoker finds their level that they want to smoke .
I go through approximately two packs of cigarettes a day .
I've been doing that for years .
You tell me that somebody is going to be satisfied with two lines of coke a day or two hits of crack a day when they're addicted .
They do with they do with heroin .
The doctor .
Heroin addicts can get their level and stay there .
Cocaine addicts you're right they tend to go up .
But the reason people aren't mugging each other over cigarettes is that cigarettes are legal .
Exactly .
If you made them illegal we'd be getting shot over them too .
Yes now you've just made an excellent point .
Why should we do this .
Why should we make something legal .
Why should we suddenly turn two point six million people who earn legal incomes and turn that income over to a black market .
Susan i'll agree with you .
I'm just saying let's regulate it as much as we can because the f. d. a. does technically have the power .
The way the f. d. a. has expanded their power to vitamins and foods and everything else there is no legal reason they cannot regulate or ban nicotine .
It is a drug just like anything else .
I want to let .
But .
Go ahead nancy .
Sorry .
If we can ban it we can regulate it .
And let's put the systems in place so that when we're ready to stop prohibiting any type of drug because the whole thing is nonsense we'll have systems in place that work .
And that would be absolute ban on sales to children absolute ban on advertising and civil penalties and enhanced penalties for people that get in trouble with them .
I want to let <unk> in very quickly because we all know this is certainly beyond a legal question a medical question it's a political question too .
You've got quite a powerful tobacco lobby in the united states .
Is it possible as i've seen a couple of people theorize that the administration even hints at the specter of regulating or banning cigarettes because that may make their very expensive excise tax on cigarettes more palatable that they'll go to the tobacco lobby and they'll say look this is the worst news .
This is what we could do to you .
So all we're going to do is tax a pack of cigarettes seventy five cents more .
Well action on smoking and health has had considerable input into president clinton's suggestions for health .
And this is the one we think is the most important figure of all .
We have over four hundred thousand people dying every year as a result of cigarette smoking .
Not true .
And we have fifty thousand non smokers dying every year .
Not true .
When we're talking about other other when we're talking about other deaths for example from guns firearms twenty six thousand .
So we are talking where the really political figures are the number of lives involved .
Not only the number of lives involved when people die but also the years and years of illness and loss of productivity .
Now susan is very frustrated .
Susan you want to tell us that cigarettes are good for us right .
No i don't want to tell you that at all .
I mean i don't want to say anything what is or is not good for an individual .
I think everybody is very individual .
We are adults .
Let's not underestimate our intelligence here .
You're talking about advertising .
Advertising doesn't <unk> anybody to do anything that they do not want to to to begin with .
Well .
And you want to talk about the alleged fifty thousand people that die from the environmental tobacco smoke i mean that is a fabrication of an anti <unk> mind .
That has that number has not been sanctioned by anybody not even the e. p. a. .
It has been supported by by .
Then boy is corporate american wasting a lot of money if ads don't have any impact on people .
Nancy you're a doctor .
You trained as a medical doctor .
Can you talk about the public health hazard of cigarette smoking and why if it kills as many people as <unk> says the federal government has not made the same sorts of strides toward helping people get off that addiction as they have toward trying to find ways to get people off cocaine and other drugs .
Wait wait mary mary i disagree with your assumption .
What has the federal government done to get people off cocaine .
By making it illegal we've created thousands hundreds of thousands of new addicts as dealers push it on the streets .
We'd get the same thing with cigarettes .
All this talk about how bad it is has no relevance to whether or not we should ban it because prohibition doesn't work .
In fact it has the opposite effect .
Cigarettes having been legal fewer people smoke .
Those of us who do and <unk> <unk> i also smoke smoke low tar cigarettes we smoke less frequently .
But when you prohibit something you get it in its most potent and toxic form .
That's why we went from very weak and mild cocaine in the seventies to crack cocaine and heroin now in the nineties .
And the same thing would happen with cigarettes if we ban it or tax it to the point that a black market can work which is already .
Well we're not suggesting it should be banned we are suggesting it should be available only on prescription .
So we are not suggesting .
Prescription there is no reason for prescription for a recreational product .
The doctors are to treat disease .
If someone is healthy and chooses to use a product whether it's marijuana tobacco cocaine or heroin there is no reason to get a doctor involved .
All that happened in england when they had doctors prescribing heroin was that some unethical doctors got rich holding surgeries in the subway stations .
But nonetheless you must admit that the heroin problem in britain is nothing compared to what it is in the united states .
We're going to take a break on that point .
That's more cultural .
We're going to take a break on that point .
Nancy i want to pursue with you about whether there is not an emphasis on treatment .
Certainly compared to cigarettes i think there is in this country .
We'll talk about that and about joe camel when we come back .
Stay with us .
Those are the ads that have some people who don't like cigarettes bent out of shape .
Joe camel ads and supposedly including young women camels that appeal to teenage girls .
Susan you say that has no impact whatsoever on creating a new market of cigarette smokers for the tobacco industry .
No it does not .
And if children are so compelled by cartoon figures then you'd have children telling mom that they've got to clean with mr. clean they've got to get white cloud bathroom tissue .
Speedy <unk> <unk> is a cartoon character .
You don't see kids rushing out and buying <unk> <unk> .
And if children are so impelled by cartoon characters then why aren't they eating spinach because of <unk> three times a day or eating carrots with every meal because of bugs bunny .
I always ate spinach because of <unk> .
Well if these ads have as little impact as you say why is the cigarette industry out of shape about banning them .
They don't persuade anybody to smoke right .
Absolutely .
One can also ask why the cigarette industry spends two billion dollars a year in advertising .
Oh i know .
They think it does something for them don't they .
Go ahead nancy .
People are employed by that .
I think you're making a mistake and a lot of the people who are fighting the drug war make the same mistake by saying that the joe camel ads are o. k. .
There's a difference between saying we should not ban and regulate tobacco and saying the joe camel ads are o. k. .
Of course cartoon characters are used to promote sales to kids .
And if you notice the next generation when i was growing up as a teenager we all smoked marlboros .
That was the cool cigarette to smoke .
And then now the kids twenty twenty five all smoke camels .
It worked .
They got a whole generation smoking their brand .
Camels used to be the cigarettes your parents smoked .
And the other rather frightful thing i think which has been recently recorded in the new england journal of medicine is that they found nine year old children were able to identify joe camel what he stood for to the same extent they could mickey mouse .
Right .
That's true .
So i think then this is the problem because we're having a new generation coming up addicted and .
They also recognized snoopy in <unk> too .
Susan i want to ask you i would have to think much more than any assault on joe camel or whatever the female joe camel version is called something that worries the tobacco industry a great deal more was ron kessler suggesting in a letter this week david kessler who is with food and drug administration that there is evidence that tobacco companies cigarette companies are in effect doctoring cigarettes to increase boost the nicotine level so as to keep their customers addicted .
Actually it's quite the opposite way around .
The tobacco manufacturers are reducing the nicotine in tobacco .
Your average tobacco has two point five to three point five milligrams of nicotine depending on the particular blend .
I've got some tobacco advertising right here .
<unk> one point one <unk> <unk> one point two milligrams .
The nicotine is reduced in the manufacturing process .
There's .
It is reduced and then it is restored .
Excuse me .
May i finish .
Excuse me .
By law they have to state how much nicotine is in their finished product .
Those are in the advertising .
Now there are natural cigarette products that are out there that are done by american indians .
They are pure they pick the leaf they dry it they put it in paper .
Those are much higher in nicotine levels because tobacco itself has that nicotine level .
The cigarette manufacturers are reducing that nicotine level .
Well to get to the point i want to stick with susan just a second <unk> then we'll let you in .
To stick the point that i was trying to get at if you have the federal food and drug administration contending that there is evidence no matter susan what you say that the cigarette companies are boosting that addictive level of nicotine doesn't that provide a pretty powerful weapon for people who want to go into court with a product liability suit against cigarette companies .
Well one of the things that you have to bear in mind here that tobacco is not the only plant in the <unk> family .
You've got eggplant you've got <unk> you've got tomatoes you've got potatoes you've got <unk> greens .
You want to do something about nicotine in one substance do it with everything .
You want to regulate nicotine the f. d. a. then you've got to regulate the purchase and the personal growth of vegetables in your garden .
Let's let <unk> in on this point .
You see that letter from the f. d. a. and opening up that can of worms as potentially a very powerful weapon in product liability suits against cigarette manufacturers .
I certainly did .
And as a result of this organization yet another petition .
We did one seventeen years ago as well to have tobacco declared a drug particularly since it is the only product that can be when it's used as directed will cause illness and death .
Now as to this question of adding nicotine our friend says quite rightly that the nicotine is taken out .
It is then restored put in and fortified .
Nor are these the only dangerous chemicals that are in tobacco .
Recent law cases have revealed that pesticides that are sprayed on the tobacco leaves and that are then swept up and recycled and put into the tobacco product also provide a large number of very dangerous chemicals .
So the chemicals come from .
Again nobody is disputing that smoking tobacco is very bad for you and there's a lot of bad things in it .
Oh i thought susan was .
I don't think so .
I don't think she's just disputing us on the ads .
I think what we're disputing is whether the government can do anything about it .
And i think it's very important to note that cigarettes have been legal now forever .
And we have had a substantial reduction in the number of smokers just like we've had a substantial reduction in the number of drinkers .
People don't drink as much as they used to and they tend to drink light wine .
Government prohibition and regulation increases use and increases the potency of the product .
And the same thing will happen in the case of cigarettes if they are either prohibited or regulated to the point that they become difficult to get .
That is correct .
Two main things i think have been responsible .
But hang on to <unk> just a second .
We're going to take a break .
You get to say your two main things when we come back .
Stay with us .
When a young person starts to use tobacco it is a signal an alarm that he or she may get involved in other risky behavior .
Welcome back to our last few minutes .
And susan it really is only a few minutes .
So please you nancy <unk> no <unk> .
I want to try and squeeze all of you in the last few minutes .
Susan we've already seen smokers banned in a lot of restaurants a lot of public buildings .
Do you think the federal government is going to tighten those screws even more given the current debate .
Well you know they're cutting their own throats if they do .
If they want to be able to fund you know the clintons' health care program on excise taxes you know what's the point .
It's like oh let's take away here and give here .
But you're going to take away here to do what .
<unk> where do you see this debate about new regulation of cigarettes going .
I certainly think the f. d. a. will at last take the opportunity to classify tobacco as a drug the only product which used when directed which causes death and injury on a vast scale .
I want to ask very very quickly before we go to nancy who should get a prescription for cigarettes and who should write that prescription under your theory <unk> .
Under my theory one would go to a doctor just as one goes for diabetes insulin prescription or case of birth control pills .
And an adult smoker who may well be considered addicted should go .
Nancy we'll let you in .
Where do you think this debate is going to go .
I think it's part of a broader and really scary debate about government control of our lives .
It includes the upcoming control of vitamins .
They're talking about putting them on prescription .
Socialized medicine putting your health records on a health security card for the government .
And unless we really get together and say hey government this is not your affair .
Leave us alone .
These are personal decisions that we want to make for ourselves and by ourselves we could have a really ugly country .
And you've got the last word .
We are appreciative of all three of you being with us today .
Thank you mary .
Nancy lord <unk> <unk> susan <unk> .
We are appreciative those of you out there joined us too .
I'm mary tillotson .
Now here's bobbie battista with a look at what's coming up .
