Midwesterners at the mercy of nature got a pledge of federal funds from president clinton today .
With the mississippi flood waters rising by the hour and confirmed death count of sixteen the midwest misery index is rising .
Today president clinton from japan said he'll ask congress for more federal disaster funds .
Right now not even money can do much for the folks of <unk> iowa .
C. n. n.'s brian cabell tells us why .
<unk> iowa is waiting for the worst .
The town of four hundred forty people has been evacuated by all except volunteers and the national guard .
A makeshift levee across highway ninety nine needs constant reinforcement .
The overflow from the iowa river keeps rising .
Our problem right now is we're having to pull men off the levee because of the increased <unk> which tends to often makes danger a lot .
Much of the crop land growing soybeans and corn is already covered by <unk> through the levees .
A major break could spell disaster for the town .
I just figured i'll lose everything .
You know what can i do .
Nothing .
I mean i can't get bag it up where everything's set up .
We have no flood insurance .
A lot of people are getting scared that they are going to lose everything they have .
Fifty miles south the tiny town of <unk> shares the apprehension .
The mississippi river already thirteen feet above normal here will overflow the levee with only about two more feet of water .
If that happens fourteen thousand choice acres of farmland would be jeopardized .
For the last eight days inmates from a nearby state penitentiary have been <unk> in by filling sandbags to bolster the levees .
The national guard patrols the river twenty four hours a day watching for weak points in the levee and preparing for evacuation alerts .
But all the perseverance of these people all their sandbags can't stop nature .
If the mississippi continues to swell with rainfall if it continues to eat away at its banks it will widen and residents will have to leave .
And the immediate future doesn't hold much promise .
More rain is likely over the next few days .
