And now sexual harassment by computer .
In california students and administrators at a junior college have been grappling with charges surrounding a computer discussion group .
That's one of those networks where people chat back and forth by typing messages on their <unk> .
Some female students allege that messages going back and forth by computer were derogatory to women and they took their case to the college and eventually to the u. s. government .
Computer law specialists say the case is the first of its kind .
And as npr's <unk> vu reports it highlights the growing tensions between the right to free speech on a computer screen and the right to protection from sexual harassment .
Jennifer <unk> freshman year here at santa rosa junior college about sixty miles north of san francisco is one she'll never forget .
That was in nineteen ninety three when she became a victim she says of sexual harassment .
She learned that three men had posted graphic sexually explicit messages about her on a school computer bulletin board or conference designated for men only .
They were talking about my female reproductive anatomy and what it might look like and talking about whether i shaved my legs and my armpits and what my pubic hair looks like and calling me bad words .
I mean i'm trying to say things that aren't that you can like put on the radio .
Vu <unk> got copies of the messages from a male friend .
The remarks also targeted a second student lois <unk> who had campaigned against a school newspaper ad showing a woman's scantily clad buttocks .
They labeled me a politically correct fascist <unk> with <unk> anger .
I was a lesbian that needed to get laid you name it .
Vu <unk> went to campus officials seeking access to the conference so she could respond to the remarks but school officials denied the request saying the men's online discussions were for men only just as the women's conference was restricted to female students .
I was shocked an administration wouldn't support me in in allowing me to try to put a stop to it myself .
I found it hard to think about anything else but what but this in particular .
I was real surprised at administration's response or lack of response .
Vu so <unk> along with jennifer <unk> threatened a civil lawsuit and filed sexual discrimination charges with the department of education's regional office for civil rights .
The college settled the civil claims paying each of the women fifteen thousand dollars .
But it's still negotiating with the office for civil rights or o. c. r. which issued a preliminary finding the school's single sex conferences were discriminatory .
The o. c. r. also found that in jennifer <unk> case the messages <unk> sexual harassment because she knew the men who posted them .
The college disagrees with these findings .
Roger <unk> is a journalism instructor who created the school's computer bulletin boards .
I think that what was said was it was clearly offensive .
There is simply no question about that .
It was rude .
It was obnoxious .
It should not have been said .
Vu but <unk> insists the messages were not harassment because they were meant to be private to be read only by other men on the bulletin board .
He and the college argue the computer conversations were protected free speech much the same way private oral conversations are .
I think that there is a threat here to the first amendment in some ways because what o. c. r. is attempting to do is to say that computer speech is somehow different than oral speech that's uttered on a campus .
I know of no law that says that and certainly my copy of the first amendment doesn't say that the law changes whether you put in writing on a piece of paper whether you speak it out loud or whether you put it on a a send that via a computer .
Vu <unk> shut down the single sex conferences to avoid further controversy but the college is still contesting the o. c. r.'s findings and its proposed remedies .
Robert henry the school's attorney says the o. c. r. is suggesting the college monitor computer messages to make sure they don't harass or <unk> students .
It's a condition he says the school cannot accept .
The content of speech especially private speech really shouldn't be subject to government control .
I really don't believe that we want government to do that .
Vu santa rosa junior college could lose its federal funding if it doesn't reach an agreement with the o. c. r. .
The ongoing clash is attracting much attention from computer law experts and people who run computer bulletin board services .
They say it's the first case to address sexual harassment in cyber space and it's the first to focus on gender restricted conferences which are becoming more common and which ironically are more often requested by women than men .
This is a really interesting case because it touches so many buttons .
Vu gail williams runs the bulletin board service on a california based network called the well .
She's concerned the case might set a precedent making schools and services like hers responsible for the content of private messages on computer systems .
An online service that has any kind of volume at all couldn't possibly even look at all the content .
The volumes of conversation that go on in a system they're impossible to control and it would be like screening all the telephone calls in the whole country .
Vu the rules on just what is acceptable speech in cyber space are still evolving as are definitions of what constitutes sexual harassment .
But williams says the best approach is to make individuals liable for their own speech not the people who run computer networks .
Meanwhile the department of education in washington d. c. says it's reviewing the preliminary findings of the office for civil rights .
Agency officials say they need to look more carefully at the free speech and sexual harassment issues before releasing a final ruling .
