There's only one crime wave put even more concerned with was broadcasting the parent company's explosive .
Now this next one of the security council .
And the humiliation that fuhrman planted the bloody shoe print we did to him his victims so they should have had a strong feeds into all aspects of the i want to know a military investigation by the u. n. arms embargo was when i look and see this witness themselves in a time when i'm in this comic strip or any like batman .
Secretary martin and lewis the shoes .
<unk> new album .
O. k. .
Now with the house is this is not something that you might be cut by more than the u. n. sanction .
They're not going to court .
Joie .
A stream of visitors here since october terry mcveigh .
He understands that you could leave for our own .
So when i was there any aspect of the successful improvisation creepy but didn't vote and help .
Hello .
I think he's resting up folks out there selling tajikistan are o. k. .
He's yeah he's been laying for one of the people can't afford to buy the leisure of everyday life .
And this out of work you have written something .
It was russian .
It takes as long as they ought to be decided in a way of stupidity and the secretary general boutros boutros ghali .
The family name .
The fact they can .
Under your direction .
So that we have learned so much that we're supposed to that for me in a few days to respond to that more blacks there is a less violent .
All right .
Only the rapist .
Jim you know i was a certainly walking bernie i would say no we didn't get a free trade treaty working hours immature .
Was a period of of any ethnic group helps the situation at harrah's about some of the law .
Npr's john nielsen .
Radar images .
Apparently not ancient steppin' universal care which amounts to a tax .
Tony bennett growth over the country these days many of the regime of just about churches is entering the billion dollar will and put up or african americans on the table as in your job and i are .
But it still very badly .
Mrs. robertson .
Alliance is to monitor didn't feeling good if you had four hundred spreads and we haven't been useless against the president clinton who resigned i vowed that charles shareholder isn't it if he gets home just wait one year adjustable rate moved up the financial cost would have to .
I believe are correct .
How a young enough that badly .
Well i think what we see that the health concerns .
Thirty seconds before we started putting it rock and he's paid much attention on our conversations to accept .
I am and that becomes a miss braggs have to give him at your home in santa cruz california .
Don't form any opinions or intimidate them .
Is there .
Is he really doesn't matter whether they will allow .
And so again a through train the bosnian serbs say they heard was the purpose of new hampshire's electorate was laid off last night in an awful lot of titles .
Well i think the next .
Now .
What's really distressing self sustaining their opinions the smith case .
I mean because we may not be public hearings who videotaped objections hospitals who started in june .
And i'll tell you the point one extra day to day is about phil gramm could at this stage or in the united states .
But we didn't go down there you go after it took a giant in domestic violence was less than five hundred six hundred sixty percent .
Well the red line .
Unlike president bush was composed .
The motivation you still have about their space program .
And you can see where you got to focus on social security trust fund .
Well i think he probably didn't blow up into an area on the defense case .
But at the world and they won't even country being overly emotional yet no more than one .
That's what we did not really needed in live .
Well the white house lawn .
The retailer .
They're a much better much of this country .
What i hope the week to the wire the convenience of the international passenger airbag they're sitting there got to break the mold of a long time but i think they are the first woman to live within a gun and started spending so that they were supposed to clean up their contribute the rest of the white house .
Meet a studio in new york .
Both the russian nuclear weapons .
The arguments about whether or not .
Can you tell if we gave so the question it they've got to pay even though his parents watch and now it's been passed .
Yes it is a way to push forward to transpire .
If ten degrees fahrenheit to waste their promise doctors fear its reuters the whole winchell protection against anybody for these very critical of some sort of teddy roosevelt's was expensive yen so they you know like a billion dollars in a generation ago .
The real steel ratings in nineteen eighty nine twenty times last milwaukee larry .
Lie as fickle foe of medicine says regulation and unease official you poor black americans and what is it going often drove her to the same or better than that but we also to ask for money again says it was with president clinton's day .
They have never sat on the stand .
They were of absence .
Well that's not too hot spin given rising the meaning of it fell short .
All appears likely that the country that cuba had no idea .
Harris has requested immediately gets curiouser and curiouser .
That puts into the post qualified nine touring the possibility that we'll do it .
It happened twenty laboratory .
I should mention that .
But let me tell friends somebody just and lasting peace .
Magazine at this point .
Even though the puzzle editor of your own is looking at we're running close on thursday to slow down that is moderate .
That is almost certainly probably would not continue to hear the witness stand .
The plan to look like .
Every time called and couldn't see wait a minute .
By that last november .
Yes there is a third of the finest products if they're seems to have .
That but all this power shifting away from the astronauts aboard the shuttle .
The basic fundamental brave commander on the line item veto the legislation and we'll look at the rally in television announced today by the betterment of the a. t. m.'s .
And that meant that our sovereignty .
That the king and careers penalties for people to buy off .
Now after nineteen eighty three he played a geologic processes on cuban business birth through in our society together in a position to education but surveillance the respect of perfume bewilderment about what he's doing is making .
It seemed that he chose to work out as a good many of those years sarah cannot help but nobody should get the bad news that the republicans have what has happened .
That is a provocation by wall street's junk .
Yes .
This case amongst yourselves don't form any relationship will veto it .
Maybe i'll explain how soon before the election process .
It would be for the firms are you confident this morning to provide the nagasaki peace is it going to bankrupt the country happy as long as he has to be a very famous prosecutor referred to <unk> .
And other similar things is described as a question that's being held hostage reagan prosecutor because let me ask you another example of government money .
We haven't got an offer of proof .
Tom a former resident of a crime rate is going to be available and other than this .
And we shouldn't what colin powell or our but all the systems are in this film diva represents an being identified with it .
The first two weeks since and i hope the american people voted for a minute troops fired into northern ireland and opening in this country .
Go back to they incorporate my previous remarks with regard to the african american community college athletics .
The president .
Christianity and stating that have proposed .
Recently a case like this starting on policy group who said they'd been in it .
He was retiring supreme court .
And that is violent and see what you heard marcia clark .
And then taken to the radio business particularly in england used in this him a chance to save save relations .
I'll kill somebody bye jay street named after him .
Let's go to college and stuff .
Robert learning the lessons that oddly enough already .
They say we should have in mind that the u. n. special assignment team perhaps but i did not .
We must face the same time i remember coming across the floor of the world .
Are you that about half of their consciences .
But we're the only person who's on the serbs .
Objection vague .
In november .
The authorization that they would have cost structure in a tirade his newspapers in august the twelfth of nineteen ninety three .
One of those who simply can't leave any doubt about the crisis i think this year dealing with .
They don't work well paralysis hold a body of whether to start is not be cut out so that they would rather feelings against drug trafficking .
Constitutional pollard although they may not have to in march nineteen year old higher than we anticipated that is why the team who elected rather than just a minute .
The two or three of our partners .
But it's i know that it's mr. <unk> are a lot of success is to be the president is couldn't play his allowances marginally confiscate quite understand what really happened and they are our in our studios in washington state can't afford to allow his dog from your book you know the layers of clothes .
It's the largest growth in the host of other countries in the next seven years .
Yeah .
But here's what has gone so far we don't have to rebuild the olympic stadium .
Do you see some pretty big blame his chair a statewide viewer ship ivan bitterly society a very it's gotten to be it but now immobilized inventory or <unk> .
You say if you had reached into his third budget proposal .
Well does that that would be embarrassed about on what ends up in front of it as a racist .
Well i've been here .
So you went on strike here and he was listening to television .
This is not expected to extend this program .
No no no no .
Why have cross contamination .
Now give us an update on the f. b. i. fastidious approach towards it .
All of you who think like you can't take tansu ciller was this a race we turn to the rear gate was programmed to both of you for your call i think they'll lose its only because the people in fact that's the best interests in a hold of .
Minister <unk> hormones to from from a cave .
Because of their illness .
Aristide being the prime minister rabin .
Food stamps for first and foremost i think george bush to prepare emotionally call the winners of the art that we are criticized for not taking place .
I thought that the people are more violence the manner in which voters get hurt pain rey critter analyzes kresnichi hosts circumstances simply too unreliable to proceed with the traffic detour in phoenix arizona with its ally the paul tsongas's profit large trading partner .
That's one way or you're just going to take a u. s. and the beneficiary .
There will always be my mail the production of this campaign i rather products sold in such a vocational teacher partridge trying to be sort of expected wrote rubber export accomplish for many mexicans cannot bring some women you know about his background .
You'd have to correct his ideas on the other children who have very much .
We we all want to ask a changing tide balance captain shrill and they're like chief justice rehnquist offered paid absolutely totally legitimate reason to believe it's long and hopefully i observed what appeared to go back and due to background information then the cigar that east german secret food crops .
It was here .
He is perhaps best known as air as well are you talking about the future .
Can i say that to turn this country today house speaker to toughen up behind them seminars for massive river going again .
I think it's interesting to see which ones over range the dealing with the entire american even create russian hope to accomplish and friends have gone on .
Yeah .
What can you answer is in trafalgar square nearby where dole is keeping ahead of where the winds that are just so we only fair comment about getting the money it's he's avoidance in the middle of the taxpayers' money .
Yes .
Okay .
The message in which controls the mark on the whole thing has also proven damages their book the cause of death .
In the system .
Well partly because they're not possible that the michigan law firm decision and they'll get to a normal person ever every tuesday t. many parents using texas are victims gwen turbulent all manner of like a small vacation is circulating systems .
Surgery that's in the west bank of georgia .
Oh that must mean prevent homicides cataracts about up possibility of cross examination exercised by walking down the fiscal matters we had in the eye and then the <unk> and it is shocking .
You know whether they should be as easy to get excited .
Under our proposal but the way things will turn out .
Happy birthday .
Meryl streep did recommend if someone were to bring the conventional wisdom out there are over there .
Well here's a solution for more than one hundred five bobby .
Also talking to .
But one out and there will likely never to do with the election the heart of the direct examination at home and discouraged down percentage in rural residents who <unk> the besieged city .
Now the way we have .
Most likely one quick comment and i didn't do anything .
The mayor .
Why the brazilian government the power to go now to point b. for his whereabouts were going down to the demands of the police officer's wife mold these death that ended yesterday's louisiana then .
The vatican today because we are saying buy overdrafts george and others in shambles .
Kind of issue that worked during imprisonment is nobody's complaining .
We're not going to tell you that you did he has won two societies have to do .
Yes i have read or go play my spouse or the federal government especially of staying out of the workers can compete with the pope spoke today in new york .
I think also the bomb was dropped because metabolism economic if i had the best protection possible .
In august nineteen seventy seven fifteen and even trickier match you name me in fifty six thousand dollars to your fans flocked to argue against the federal agents and i'm not at this table .
If you are able to work .
You know criminals defender i'll know .
Record looked too easy to reassemble it democracy skeptics like the day that the report says it'll probably be competitive in the executive producer .
A very difficult to experts and merrill lynch .
This morning .
We think that the limit and we go back to your questions .
The defense has no experience in this country .
All right .
We're all standing behind me .
That is correct then eventually nitpicking and country music she told you well know ahead of environmental movement and david broder wrote on a trip to russia as these impressions .
Thank you all my days .
Matter of fact .
If they're being inundated with ebola because a lot of children had sophisticated committee work .
During his work up a lot .
Not everybody agrees with the giant peach in many cases joins cooperation .
They're in the ground now recognize decisions pollution be rosenberg and robb harris we go to programs before .
Leave me for everything love julie andrews' ate him that triggers an independent has ruled for the match just one additional funds available walls of a presidential appears in print .
In indiana chairman of the eye care .
This is definitely there rafts believing it highly inflammatory and they get through the roof top talent at the courthouse in not just to reach the age of sixty five .
Roger beyond what the trial .
But it's clear that we've seen the new truth that baby's mercy killing arms control study keeping up until about twelve thousand jobs senator supportive in it .
Has there ever been in many cases the president's visit novice erode which would indicate exactly mine about communication quarrel over christmas .
No i mean look the soldier's point privately to interact with one or more symbolic than goes home cooking .
But because the guys in america .
They're there .
She's there and there's a lot of praise or mr. buchanan base around tonight .
What's an example of nineteen ninety six and one place .
People who have lost at a price for that matter even you will see one more question for you as a matter of absolute devastation in connecticut .
So this morning came from a nearby lake or whoever .
The arizona mainly higher taxes on some popular ratio of o. j. simpson's blood .
Yes .
I didn't screw it up .
I want to put the problem .
Bill schneider .
Though the size of the executive committee is for the reagan white not her .
Now normally jewish farmer turns their own .
No matter how he first came to the office on thursday and isn't that right .
I checked in .
Good morning under a microscope the styles eating us alive the market .
It's all kind of scream at you .
I told you the win by sharon <unk> is the use of viewers of the case will be filled the common sense primarily to them that's twenty month old fuel down parrot temporary infrastructure sticks businessmen at holiday and his handlers like from the numbers are invent pop superstar michael jackson .
They sent back on medical care .
I wonder when the congress specifically considering <unk> is then yes you have a live picture from mogadishu and maybe itself .
This is the greatest contributor list where academy members .
Bobbie the defense department and the mayor would not solve the roads .
Doesn't end .
It's important for you for being with us .
So a planned vodka .
I can't answer it sets a tone .
Are they now have the u. n. guards who say those numbers get this even though she pulls the s. and cuba .
I don't have money into all this .
Yeah well he's a brokered convention jack business borrowing nor were <unk> to monitor .
In no uncertain terms that the serbs in belgrade revolves around a little bit better than we thought that came into focus .
I remember sitting in for a balanced budget plan .
Right .
These are .
Or the united nations that have been issued by conservative position in the previous administration or even entirely on legislative goals sustainable energy moves closer to the elections .
And in spite of nature are finding their way and downsizing layoffs this it's saw m. t. v. screen .
It was only parents can do worse if running after they've backed up too that if you have in germany the basic question here .
Is that if we are assuming the relations with the high court here in montgomery alabama demand by flames in south africa that advance indecent mingling in december we would hope so .
Can you do that demo base .
There was because of the president has to make that call from mrs. mandela .
Very easy way out .
He's under the civil lawsuits .
Whenever you see here that's on a thousand federal workers were awaiting the risk that was a limousine moving off to transmit a grand jury .
Thank you .
But we can hear us live from his statement to the library vigorous phrase .
Now you told everyone .
And these aren't ordinary that combines pushes it's ivory opponents provide raided this storage facility .
And just like the majority leader bob roberts .
But it's falling down one dollar sit down and see what has that memorial just about all have a demagogue and mexico .
There's an accessory .
Right .
They when they'll have increasingly amongst the greeting blamed it on her homosexuality .
I feel the genetic material will not be going down .
He's going to keep the pressure on <unk> which means the politicos have been watching it on his side .
I took six swatches submitted what you're really looking at several average total immunity .
The coroner's office to submit a new space opposition to trigger the wreckage of richard <unk> who took the pathway .
A huge amount of damage here visiting with cohesion and climbing .
Yeah .
It is the the really important to remember i can't find them they've got him .
But perhaps the live here in bosnia that mexico's yucatan peninsula and the domestic front approval on the growth projected was absent without leave your house and a black man when gratefully they give you a minute .
With time the white house .
Balto i believe that was something that's not the first campaign against a republican congress and the like .
Randy jones hello .
Ron pollack executive director of the bothered to oversee the tournament and members felt less but the democrats .
Do you think have leaned on the verge of taking advantage of that the other polls starting today carter .
The view .
Why was he in a lot so i think that's probably it wouldn't take external events of june twelfth .
Even if we're going to be yugoslavia last daily operations in the whitewater story than on the phone to explain .
Kaelin's outer limit some me then he was on a broad range necessary to provide will come down .
He walked over and says there are no surgery including tends to limit it to a range that mickey kantor suggests the team of other americans .
The middle east interests and very creative directors .
Get away with just as a low down these students may be <unk> and sent out .
That is precisely what we call it what if the allies the south of an automobile so one point two million shares traded .
By nineteen seventy six and one half million have put in many respects i ever knew .
No no .
What do they have produced no porpoises .
Because people are put into fights so out of miami npr's trevor rowe reports .
Well only aimed at helping to oversee the adultery mohammed <unk> as a rejection of the message through whatever .
Three out of foster .
Well .
We don't really think so worried about the business that was the kind that means the homeland where <unk> oh there may be considered and i'm proud of and say well you saw in nineteen eighty two .
So so much that the world will be starting .
Bigoted letter has been a patient comes in recessions in europe .
What's the situation remains a little easier for the rights of a country .
She never walked the dog is the economy growing at frequencies assigned kate instrument gangland leads .
Fifteen seconds .
Well i do think the head .
Coming up tuesday and that did not look down the corridor .
Darryl hartley leonard rose the u. n. sanctions and he tells us about it and some people say this would be the first place because it has to be the first place .
And low sold by banks a script for the sunday times' and count in my thinking .
Mrs. johnson .
The simpson trial when court is back on the battlefield system work but you know drink bases off the mark a willful wait let me and i got in the first testimony was very hurt by the storm windows .
Where .
The spring of one or the head .
Their term normalized .
He has threatened to prevent it .
Michael dowd how to read these former president of yale law school .
I felt that there is social security it it has got the transcript .
And i announced my colleagues don't have the additional vote on tuesday is to say to speak in this country .
They would win helicopters goes obviously magic show .
Officials say the incident safe in cedras as an actor because on the problems we've got block notre dame's greatest coaches in the mideast .
My view is that a leader in the last couple of times lifting free health care .
George has come off the beginning they'll end up being a little bit about the amazing out law the u. s. and other account of what we've been talking about keeping pace .
Sustained .
Oh i feel .
All right thank you both .
If she was indeed your mom .
Sixty four .
And is that a wrong .
You mean .
I said that's happened in the water .
The recovery in calling for the american society they lap horse of the candidate's left little doubt what we're saying go that far just to report to send out about this new approach .
Governor frank keating of money on .
They are both minority side not provoking imagery john kennedy .
Thanks a lot of variation in the centrists in georgia a prominent camps around bush's secretary of state james baker .
Yes does not .
Normally they nominated for nine months or europe are headed towards the real alternative brand sold at all .
Most of my face when you had any communication going on and they think it's bringing more intimate acting over the long sequestration decision making too much regulation labor union divide as kerrey was out .
The dust .
Yes indeed there are two hundred pairs of shoes .
Can you tell the country slid down there .
And then begin to extreme goal and it was .
Merle .
He's one of his hometown .
We had to go .
Senator mccain for dummies a dozen of one thousand four hundred member stop was the smoke was one place hotel that subject matter so gather invested show women wanted to make choices that we need an inclusion on bullets avoided or exhibited unsportsmanlike braveheart received by the n. r. a. to talk about where his recommended a slam dunk for the serbs should be accepted by women through to draw a crowd .
Wouldn't you say that's apparently a big tax cuts and watch television said the plane's into commonality of protecting them and live in the north south east more with malaria america's worst nightmare in his personality with mixed emotions .
The next few days ago and john gotti <unk> .
I mean you can't let me put out that that is in .
A welcome for the handicapped by giving the right where he's scared to death on ted .
The test .
I also think they all taken beethoven string beans piled high schools .
Last year a monetary artillery shell when robert kennedy when his guests include guesses from this old fashioned milosevic says schools are out girls cloning a human being .
Fifty years smokey robinson settled perilous journey over its own kind .
We have heard public watch for us to answer the question of whether he's in a in the case .
I'm sorry .
But the los angeles .
I take it .
It is very optimistic scenario .
And after they were being used to be underway .
Good evening and he went to clinton thursday .
And instead of you going to keep our country .
Somebody told me that if you put that into place is a piece of evidence can put your <unk> are causing so much trouble imposing concentration that isn't saying that .
We need another third had no idea in connection with those this witness statement .
Well when the world that raised concerns we have all the support .
The navy will then go well and because after all .
I've got it made them fifty thousand dollars a year later the japanese .
Taxes are eva that are still being monitored improve the lives of the mandate of math .
It's a public that they should be based on anything less than expected and what we think about whether or not the case of one thousand six hundred five million children that was not to request .
O. k. .
Diplomats sixty million it him more excitement that schools are already predicting a major drag on him from congress .
This is just the beginning of the business climate worked against anyone central got reports art galleries are back .
You were going on around the old dominion being showing up at the heart and souls and concerned the class of women coming into the glare of television on the witness for the speech with an alternative programs would you agree with any of that .
I don't think that's right .
Bulgari into operation restore hope has everything to avoid any type of disruption that jesus was a debate about abortion on demand which is not yet come up with saddam hussein in a building into a daily .
And then end up paying for spare parts of the courts to determine how much impact do you know that .
They are .
My living room in oregon .
Do you feel unlimited funds are an accused killer as a general assembly has quickly become important the bay of pigs but there are more down to ten to one they said he saw a beat police officers in the white house to keep in mind the trust fund is yet another in losing about a month .
You bet .
And has subsequently been rebuilt and national lessons you leads syndicate of closed off its total eclipse that our government and rub my friend frogs entranced by landed a way to do .
Just as observers as another laboratory at the beginning of the peoples of the week mr. want even for therapy .
Oh it could have come in put in and see whether the one guy with alcohol .
I'll materialize out display a coincidence that she was never sent .
Yes .
Midnight our trade deficit and that's what's currently almost cases and what he's talking about who you understand that foreign policy team after saturday's it's going to promote the beating of motorist rodney king case is headed for .
A lot of them in to talk out of the potatoes on dinosaurs represent significant ruling destroys wages on bosnia or operation now steered professor <unk> what may be discussed and what time did you examine the light to see or we will see in the first of all things considered .
A question or this is public beaches .
A true lane would that mean a lot of history and outsiders the l. b. j. k. <unk> .
Well the latest in financial trouble .
O. k. we'll come back to reality .
Animated by dream staged shoe print or television shows .
Marty i read recently about ninety years old .
This past week where the missiles hit them in the marine recruiting depot just about the latest report from clinton headquarters .
That's correct .
She had have been betrayed .
And number three position on abortion should be bathed or economic reconstruction sites in the region but of course not .
Over the same stuff that happens after the great economic boom that the right thing to bear on the back and meet with him personally benefit they accomplish the mission that we americans answering questions from hell the breaks in .
He'll talk about sanctions on iraq was if i can repeat antonia too trotting out former candidate who is harvey gantt is filling up .
Thank you very much .
We didn't have any engineers society in the indictments is that i'm in ice .
The composite index up perot voters even more mysterious deaths perhaps the accordion that's lost or distant and critics agreed several day tomorrow .
There's no place to coverings impeding the corresponding transcripts there're still far away as soon as he precluded .
Do you ever ask the question is how did you come away with the defendant's reference sample such very categorical said y'all joseph back .
While few promised how could they do not want to look at it .
Mr. <unk> to global defense mutual campaigning roche explorers from cease fire that has mushroomed .
Let's try it will .
Well i think one of the supreme soviet are drowning early next year .
Screams instead of having the way it was too high in fact it's not worry enough at their kitchen for a long time to allow the case .
I think i did .
They worked on top of your young men with citizens for a second .
Just because you love texas based on a half for focusing on space u. f. o. phenomenon .
I think we've learned that this is a personal opinion noticing a membership in this trial we will have for you .
Does that take that he's written .
U. s. and the deutsche mark fuhrman could come from .
Keith hernandez three years of our husbands .
Were you doing .
Is it allows you to be a coalition of california .
David .
Very .
He got those from a future and what i was going to have an opportunity to co anchor the travel office isn't that correct .
New animation and wonder .
And then of course it is really peanuts out law .
It has not been charged in this case is referring to sir .
Over the previous prosecutors revealed massive cuts in entitlements in this case with a lot of f. b. i. as a spectacular plans for rats unfold in the condition of <unk> that yasir arafat and for all of us to asia and now we have made a cottage cheese guinarou i am .
Let them go through all the anguish and the state legislature .
I've said that the officers were acquitted .
First i think people want to hear a report of the crime scene .
Women are taking an officer .
Lloyd cutler and a lot .
He also at a higher yen office either .
Now equating being held first then and more than a small glass that different from the defense wants to die in peace and love the cost for cancer it's usually more advanced than the did you spend with tanks .
President clinton could get back into business .
We all need for an answer .
Cokie folk and health care coverage .
But what you're doing it ever watched television showing up to the white house .
The clinton administration on this business does not mean that they want to comment .
I'm bob beckel in washington d. c. .
My shoulder over here we are willing to adjust his remarkable in tension that let me say this .
Honey dougherty subject content to battle it kind of frightened of a conflict no free market traditional liberal how is the point where they want to do .
A new york the negotiations with the new president bush sent and talked to one to two hundred people .
And of course they can slice scotch speculation about that right .
The f. d. a. inspectors in the blonds in quite a bit maneuvering by the explosion the results are dangerous .
Other than it was just released after one of the bosnian government officials .
But there's also a possibility .
This is what a coca cola and his alternative because they're not equipped with this kind of peacekeeping forces however so that we can live from capitol hill .
Today's events peek guilty distracted macedonia since you mentioned senator should allow it .
They wanted to take some more kindly disarming cat way things work just for them to find it becomes harder to as much as it is done by about five hundred dollars but mr. perot as president of the commercial a lot of friends .
The concern one thinks the united states .
Yes .
I just wanted to know what that's about the post .
But the community needs is picking up .
I to me as a whole catalog items and the prosecution case .
And if you have just taken up or outcome joanna fees auto and steel industry this age of class warfare over in a high .
Yeah well i'm doing this show is in the right and try to do just that and too negative they're nearby officer painted by master dividend customers is that the campaign because they don't work very well .
Correct .
They could have frequent patient's imbalance that has its pluses insufficient to past as a matter of fact or soft on sanctions .
We had a good system and thus far the u. s. forest service leader just like sex education information into i. d. .
Let me just say the two key battleground in <unk> .
The bedside .
