Federal law enforcement officials are warning it may just be a matter of time before the so called <unk> strikes again .
They say the man believed to have committed more than a dozen bombings in sixteen years learns with each attack .
Today his latest victim was buried .
C. n. n.'s gary tuchman reports .
He was a vietnam veteran and a successful advertising executive .
But behind the casket carrying the body of thomas <unk> was the most important part of his life his family his wife susan their baby daughter fifteen month old kelly and three older children .
The family of tom <unk> brutally killed when a mail bomb exploded in his hands had a message for the people who have shown their support .
It has been a great source of comfort for susan and the entire family to know that tom was so loved and admired and we thank you from the bottom of our hearts .
A nationwide search is on for the serial bomber believed to be responsible for the murder .
The so called <unk> has been tied to at least fifteen attacks since nineteen seventy eight .
Tom <unk> was the second person killed from one of the bombs .
Twenty three people have been wounded .
Cameras were not allowed inside the church where the funeral mass was held .
But the family allowed the media to listen .
The admiration for <unk> was quickly evident .
His younger brother said the only way he can cope with this is with memories of him .
I deeply miss my brother my friend my best man .
Tom <unk> who is seen in this corporate video was recently promoted to general manager of young and <unk> by the agency's chief executive officer who spoke at the mass .
I would walk into tom's office weak and i would walk out of his office strong .
I would walk into his office insecure and i would walk out of his office confident .
The most poignant moment came when tom <unk> thirteen year old daughter kim spoke .
Kim was in the house when the bomb went off and she tearfully told those in the church how this time of year meant so much to her father .
My dad's favorite thing to do was to gather his family around our piano and sing christmas carols especially o. holy night .
And then kim asked everyone to sing o. holy night one last time for her father .
Tom <unk> was only fifty years old and while many grieve the person responsible for their misery remains at large .
