One chapter in the bizarre story of convicted serial killer henry lee lucas is being re written .
It has to do with a woman who says she traveled the country with the death row inmate .
One point of interest the woman in question is supposed to be deceased .
C. n. n.'s mike capps reports .
One of the strangest serial killing investigations in u. s. history the killings allegedly committed by henry lee lucas continues to get stranger .
When some bleached bones were found between railroad tracks and an interstate highway in denton texas twelve years ago the miserable life of becky powell supposedly came to an end but now a woman claiming to be becky powell has stepped forward saying she was not a murder victim of her former traveling companion convicted serial killer henry lee lucas .
Henry was like a father to me .
He took care of .
Details of the life this woman says she lived the past twelve years are as bizarre as the life henry lee lucas says he lived .
She ran away from henry lee lucas in <unk> texas in august nineteen eighty two she says ran away with a truck driver named kurt <unk> and for the next twelve years took on a new identity .
I was afraid that i would be implicated in on the murders that he's been accused of .
As phyllis <unk> this woman spent time on the road with the <unk> and ended up in cape <unk> missouri .
Police say court records question the dates in her story .
They say a kurt and phyllis <unk> married in nineteen seventy five .
Becky powell would have been eight years old .
What is certain is that this woman began writing henry lee lucas on texas death row in nineteen ninety one .
Later she surprised him with a visit .
I said hi henry i'm back .
She says she made lucas promise he would not reveal what she calls her charade .
I visited with him a couple of years ago and i made him promise me that he would not tell anybody who i am and he promised .
That charade even took her to network television posing as phyllis <unk> a henry lee lucas groupie on geraldo <unk> now it can be told .
<unk> kind and is caring .
He loves people .
If she really is becky powell why did she take such a risk .
I wanted people to see how nice and kind henry was and that he could not hurt anybody .
Henry would not even kill a bug .
A former waco texas district attorney began hunting for becky powell ten years ago .
When vic <unk> finally made contact he first believed the woman was phyllis <unk> .
Now he's sure she's becky powell .
When i saw phyllis <unk> and we started talking face to face i knew it was becky powell .
A former texas ranger who worked this case still expresses doubt that this woman really is becky powell .
Even so this purported becky powell is making plans for her future .
I hope for henry to get out of prison and henry and i can get back together .
Even though she's passed a polygraph test law men still have serious doubts and questions .
Her lawyer insists he will continue pushing for d. n. a. tests which he claims will be the final proof .
