Live from washington crossfire .
On the left mike kinsley .
On the right pat buchanan .
Tonight tax day .
In the crossfire richard <unk> former chief economist for the u. s. chamber of commerce and max <unk> of the economic policy institute .
Welcome to crossfire and happy april fifteenth income tax day .
No fun for any american and especially no fun this year for president clinton who was forced to start the day by denying that he has decided to propose a new national sales tax to finance his health care reform plan .
I didn't change my mind .
I haven't had a chance to review it yet .
But yesterday three members of the administration conceded that such a tax is at least under consideration .
The so called value added tax or vat is in effect a sales tax .
It would be in addition to state sales taxes .
Fifty other countries already have a vat .
It's a big money raiser a three percent federal vat would bring in about sixty billion dollars a year .
Economists have mixed feelings about the vat .
On the one hand by taxing spending it encourages saving and investment which we need more of .
On the other hand its heaviest burden falls on the poor who must spend all their income .
Senate minority leader bob dole does not take this nuanced view however .
It couldn't be worse timing .
We're trying to the president's trying to tell everybody we need this stimulus package and then somebody drops a new tax idea out there that's got to scare a lot of taxpayers who already frightened because of the other big tax package .
Well pat .
Mr. <unk> your group purports to represent working and middle class americans .
This thing would hammer them directly .
It would come right on top of the social security tax increase .
It would come on top of the energy tax increase and maybe sin taxes .
How do you justify supporting a gigantic new tax like this .
Well a couple of corrections .
The social security increase affects the top twenty percent of recipients of benefits which .
Not people who are paying social security tax at all .
It's twenty five thousand dollars a year .
O. k. let's call it the twenty five thousand dollars rich .
Well the twenty five thousand dollars is not rich .
People in that situation are not living off their income .
They're dis saving they're drawing down assets so their income does not reflect their consumption but to get back to the main question the value added tax is about giving and getting .
A tax means that people are going to be paying something but they're going to be getting something in return .
If they're uninsured they're going to be getting health insurance which is worth a great deal .
Suppose a working class guy .
If they have health insurance they could save money on premiums and that would also defray the cost for them of the value added tax .
Thirdly the effects of the tax on low income people are <unk> in a number of ways and the government can take steps to alleviate them further .
In particular insofar as the vat really is picked up by consumers because it's increased prices there's an automatic offset in social security benefits which are indexed to inflation .
So recipients of social security benefits .
You're telling me this is really a great idea .
I mean are you going to here's a tax that is like a national sales tax which we've always been taught hits the poor and the working class hardest and you're telling me it's a great idea because it's going to expand government services .
You're on record in favor of the value added tax as the best conceivable .
I'm in favor of a national sales tax if you get rid of the income tax for working people .
So we can agree that the value added tax in and of itself is not an unreasonable way to raise revenue .
So the question only becomes what are we buying with this tax .
If you're against the new tax .
Max what i'm asking .
It only means you're against health care reform .
If you're against health care reform you're way out in right field .
Max i'm asking you why you are piling on a new tax that hits consumers you're right working middle class on top of the taxes clinton is proposing and on top of the taxes everybody is paying on april fifteenth .
The taxes clinton is proposing nick the middle class .
The taxes people are paying april fifteenth are due in great part to your friend george bush who decreased withholding last year and now people are looking at a nice payment april fifteenth that they wouldn't have otherwise expected .
You can accuse pat of many things but being a defender of george bush really is not one of them .
Well he endorsed him .
Ultimately .
Over this guy .
But he endorsed him .
All right .
Fair enough .
Richard <unk> nobody likes taxes and i have real problems with a vat .
The problem is this everyone agrees that we have to do something to insure the thirty seven million americans that have no health insurance .
How do you if you don't like taxes if you don't like the vat what's your where are you going to get the money .
Well it's interesting that the free market has worked very well in most other areas in fact all other areas of life and it's the area we have most socialized which is medical care in this country where now we have the biggest problem and you say what are we going to do about the thirty seven million who do not have insurance .
Well if we had a more rapidly growing economy and if we had deductions so that most of these people could go ahead and buy their own medical care we could take care of much of this problem .
Look have deductions .
If you want to do it through the deductions the heritage foundation has an interesting plan in that regard but deductions cost money .
Where are you going to get the money to make up or are you just going to let the deficit increase .
Oh i can get the money lots of places like we could abolish the department of agriculture but you wouldn't want to do that .
No i do want to do that .
Oh you do .
Good .
How about the department of labor .
Food stamps .
Not food stamps .
Maybe get rid of the department of labor the department of commerce .
Money that business firms spend on health insurance for their workers already escapes tax so the problem is not the lack or presence of a deduction .
It's the fact that people have low income and that health care markets .
Why don't we tax that too .
Work least well of all private sector markets and that's why the .
You're surely not suggesting are you richard that the free market all by itself can assure that every american can have health care and you don't need the government in any way to help provide it .
Nobody even pat doesn't think that or did claim not to think that during the campaign .
Oh really .
Actually i like a voucher system for low income people .
It costs money doesn't it a voucher system like any other system .
The real problem with health care is we decided we want to insure people from the first dollar .
Now most people in most years have relatively modest medical expenses .
What they really need to be insured against are the catastrophic medical care and you don't have to have any increase in the total amount of insurance payments or government spending on health care to do what needs to be done .
Look there are people .
We're doing it all backwards .
That's the problem .
Look it is a question of mathematics richard .
There are people who are not getting health care now who are going to need to get it .
We hope that bringing efficiencies to the system we don't have will ultimately lower the cost for everybody but meanwhile if you want to cover those people .
Michael .
Do it through vouchers do it however you want it is going to cost money .
Where are you going to get the money .
Michael government efficiencies is an oxymoron a contradiction in terms .
So just do nothing about it the way george bush and ronald reagan did nothing for twelve years .
Don't do something stupid is what we're saying .
Aside from the revenue costs of the tax credit that you're proposing the fact is that if people were obliged to buy insurance individually in private markets the cost to them would be <unk> and that's one reason so many people are uninsured .
Imagine that you're out in the private market trying to buy your own insurance and try find out yourself what the cost is and then figure out the benefits of a <unk> tax credit and look at the cost you'll be facing and you'll see the basic problem with the conservative approach which includes <unk> proposals to abolish the department of agriculture .
It's not serious .
The biggest problem you have third party payers .
So there is no incentive for picking the cheapest and most effective health care system and if you've got government or insurance companies paying most medical bills which they do nobody is cost conscious about medical care .
So abolish insurance companies .
No let's get back to vat .
As i said most people can take care of the day to day medical costs .
It is the catastrophic ones we have to protect people against and for very low .
Let's get back to vat .
You can't have co payments for a five hundred thousand dollar catastrophic .
O. k. let's get back .
Yeah i know .
The nature of insurance .
Richard can we back to vat .
Let's get back to vat .
Let me ask you this don't you think if you take an energy tax and add it on to business costs and then you take a vat tax and add it on consumers are going to pay .
The energy tax is very small tiny .
Aren't you going to go make the united states of america far less competitive than it is right now by doing that .
Well as i said the issue is are we going to have health care reform or not .
If we're going to spend new money on health care .
Why not cigarette tax .
The question is how are we going to finance this .
And if you need a lot of money from a big new tax as you have said yourself among the conceivable choices a value added tax is not a bad tax .
Well i said a national retail sales tax .
Richard i'm a little confused by your position here because i know a lot of business lobbyists of which you are one in fact your former boss at the council for capital formation charlie walker has been pushing a value added tax for years and years and years .
It is a substitute for the existing income tax and i'm all for a value added tax when we repeal the sixteenth amendment to the constitution which gave the congress the power to impose an increase .
So let me get this straight .
You're in favor of a value added tax if it's used to reduce the taxes on a lot of rich people and their investments .
You're not in favor of using a value added tax if it's going to be used to bring health care for poor people .
I'm in favor of an efficient and non destructive tax system and right now the present income tax and i think most americans agree with me after what they've gone through to get up to today that the existing income tax is extremely inefficient .
It imposes enormous penalties on personal freedom and .
Compared to paying ten fifteen twenty percent vat they'd have to pay to replace the income tax .
Well it's the intrusiveness .
O. k. has bill clinton misread the mood of the american people on taxes in general and is he riding for a fall .
That question when we come back .
Welcome back .
On april fifteenth tax day in america the headlines tell us that bill clinton is thinking of a brand new tax a vat tax or sort of a national sales tax to pay for the health care program that hillary clinton is working up .
Are clinton and clinton misreading the mood of america or are their critics behind the times .
Our guests are richard <unk> former chief economist with the u. s. chamber of commerce and now president of <unk> and max <unk> of the economic policy institute .
Max a political question if i might do you think that first do you think that clinton would have been elected if he had laid out some of these tax ideas during the campaign .
And secondly given his own response which you saw at the beginning of the show where he said we haven't decided on that do you think this was a good idea to drop this out politically .
I know you think it was economically .
Well concerning the value added tax senator kerrey did quite well in the campaign by proposing a comprehensive health care plan which would be financed .
Where'd he do well .
Which would require great new taxes .
I don't know that kerrey was specific about the type of tax but i think that in the campaign if clinton had put forward whatever they end up with in terms of a health care reform plan and acknowledge this is going to cost money that we don't have already and say we're going to finance it with a value added tax i think that would have gone over well because part of the election was about reform of health care .
The value added tax is going to offset out of pocket medical expenditures by families .
Do you think he's going to get it .
Do you think he's going to get the value added tax through this congress .
He's got to propose it .
That's the first step .
Yeah is he going to propose it .
I don't know if he's going to propose it .
Why would let me ask you a quick question .
Why wouldn't he do i mean wouldn't you agree with a sin tax on cigarettes .
You can't get enough money from a sin tax to finance a new health care system .
You need a tax that has the broadest possible base and that is the value added tax .
The cigarette tax alcohol tax these are small these are nickel and dime operations in the grand scheme of things .
Didn't he contradict his basic pledge i will not raise taxes on the middle class for any of my <unk> .
Is he not contradicting that .
As i recall in the campaign when he was talking about health care reform there was an acknowledgement that to pay for some large new program there would have to be new taxes as there are .
Richard <unk> isn't it a little unfair to pick on clinton as a <unk> as pat was doing .
When if you look at his budget at the end of the day a smaller percentage of the economy would be going to federal spending under clinton than went under bush or reagan .
The only difference is yes clinton would pay for more of it instead of borrowing it from the future from the next generation .
Well michael i find interesting it took george bush at least two years to violate his no new taxes' pledge or read my lips .
Now bill clinton's done it what three times in three months .
He didn't say read my lips no new taxes .
He said .
We're not going to get into that .
He was forthright about .
What about answering my question .
I will not raise taxes on the middle class .
Clinton's budget plan calls for a smaller federal government as a share of g. d. p. than bush or reagan left us .
No .
And the only difference is he would pay for it and isn't that a healthy thing to do to pay for it instead of borrowing it .
Your assumption is totally wrong .
If you really look at the real numbers you end up with a bigger government as a percentage of the gross domestic product .
Those are your numbers .
They're not clinton's numbers .
Well clinton doesn't have his health insurance in there yet .
I mean if you just take a look at his own set of projections you end up with more deficit in it took ronald reagan five and a half years to give the deficit that bill clinton has promised to give us in four years .
Well now look that's a little unfair .
Ronald reagan took what was not a problem at all and made it a horrific problem .
The problem gets dumped on bill clinton .
You don't think we had a problem in the carter administration .
Yes we had a problem of seventy dollar billion deficits i believe or fifty dollar billion deficits which ronald reagan denounced and would he have loved to have gotten back to those and would we all .
Clinton cut spending in net terms and that changed from the baseline in terms of spending means less spending and that means every penny of new taxes in the clinton program reduces the deficit which is what people have been screaming about now for five six seven years .
So the program reduces the deficit which is what people have been crying about .
The clinton program by increasing taxes will slow economic growth .
That's a different question .
Well it's not a different question because you will get a bigger percentage of government spending will be a bigger percentage of g. n. p. at the end of the clinton administration than before it .
Haven't we had a twelve year experiment in saying cut rich people's taxes and we'll get and we won't increase the deficit .
It worked .
It worked .
You raised the capital gains tax and revenues fell .
We had .
That's incorrect .
It is not incorrect .
Capital gains revenues fell because you closed the loophole .
You had an eight year experiment which worked very well .
Then we have began to have clintonomics which started .
Under george bush .
Under george bush it most certainly did we all know that .
Well clinton made .
What was the deficit at the end of the reagan years .
Remind me .
The deficit is not the important thing .
It was one hundred fifty billion dollars it's now three hundred dollars .
What was it at the end of the horrible jimmy carter years .
It was eighty billion dollars .
All right .
So reagan doubled it .
That's .
Well .
The economy's larger so the deficit absent changes .
You're focusing on the program the problem is government spending .
The absolute amount is not material .
And government spending is smaller .
What's relevant is relative to the size of the economy .
It will not get smaller michael .
Well you can say that but that's what his plan calls for is smaller government spending .
So you're going to increase taxes and have more rapid economic growth .
That's absurd .
Let me .
We all know it's absurd .
This is .
Why do we have taxes at all .
Why not cut taxes to zero borrow the whole federal government .
Would that be healthy .
Or have one percent taxes if taxes are always bad for growth .
We had ninety and seventy percent top marginal tax rates in the income tax for twenty years in the u. s. and we did quite well .
So .
But nobody actually .
Our marginal tax rates are so so <unk> you couldn't point to that record .
And then you people against all the loopholes enabled people not to pay those rates .
I mean you can't have it both ways .
Well max let me ask you the question richard's asking .
You do have a i mean the b. t. u. tax is very heavy .
It's tiny .
Hold it .
Let me ask the question .
It's less than half a percent of g. n. p. .
Let me ask the question max you can give the answers .
All right let's say two hundred fifty billion dollars in taxes thirty dollars to ninety billion dollars coming off this new tax he's proposing .
Over five years .
Do you think you can hit the private economy like that with new taxes and it's really going to be energetic and productive .
Yes because if you look at other countries with taxes very much higher than the united states relative to g. d. p. we're at the bottom of the ladder whose economies have done fairly well not as great as us in some periods but better in recent years than ours has that gives i think us a good measure of confidence that a slight increase in taxes which is what's involved here with the present proposal even if you include a big new vat a slight increase of taxes by the evidence of research that's been done promises no harmful effect on the economy and measured against what we're going to get for these taxes we're going to get health care reform which is going to help businesses .
I've got cut you off and i've got to cut you off too richard .
You'll have another chance .
When we come back though i'm going to try and get richard <unk> to criticize a former employer .
Think i can do it .
Richard <unk> for many years you were chief economist to the u. s. chamber of commerce the leading business group in this country .
A lot of conservative republicans are very very annoyed at the chamber these days because they say they're being too nice to president clinton .
Do you share that criticism of your former employer .
Yes but then let me get into what max said about the economic growth resulting from these tax increases .
Is your pension vested .
I hope so .
Nobody believes growth results from tax increases .
Nobody said that .
You're saying this is a wonderful performance .
Let's take europe .
Europe has the income taxes .
They have all these wonderful value added taxes that you and michael want to impose on the american people .
They average ten percent unemployment in europe now .
The growth rates have been very slow .
Is that what you want to bring to the american people .
What about japan .
Japan has taxes on investments of up to sixty six percent .
They don't have a value added tax .
They well i'm not for a value added tax .
And it's got the exemption for saving and investment .
They have exemptions for listed stocks .
They tax investments far heavier than we do .
They have a minuscule tax on capital gains .
No only on listed stocks .
You can pay sixty six percent on your capital gains .
No you pay just .
Let me get max back into the politics of this richard .
Let me get max back in here .
Considering the opposition his stimulus package is getting up on the hill right now from republicans and the fact these are controversial all these taxes do either or both of you think that clinton's tax proposal b. t. u. social security especially can be stopped .
And do you think the vat tax will go through .
Well they could be stopped but they could also pass .
They're not tax proposals .
They're budget proposals .
There's taxes which means people pay and there's spending which means people get and the real issue is not just the pay side but the net what you come out with .
If you come out with lower health insurance premiums or you come out with health insurance where you had none before the value added tax is not a serious burden .
If we get deficit reduction which people have been crying for for years and interest rates go down .
It's going to sail through .
Businesses will be helped .
I gather it's going to sail through .
It's not going to sail .
The president has to take the initiative .
When he focuses on this thing i think he can ram it through .
Richard .
I've got a totally different view .
There's already a group out there the americans for tax reform run by grover <unk> that signed up one hundred ten members of congress already on an anti vat caucus and given that and i think when other members of congress realize this is highly regressive it's going to hurt lots of folks it's going to be an add on to the existing income tax they ought to be able to defeat this .
How can you say this is regressive when you support replacing the progressive income tax with a vat .
That's ridiculous .
No it's not ridiculous at all .
How can you pretend to be concerned about <unk> when you want to replace five hundred seventy billion dollars which is collected in a progressive fashion with a sales tax .
You can have certain credits against it to make the take away a lot of the <unk> .
They won't be .
But when you're going to have .
You guys are going to have to settle this one off camera .
Thanks very much richard <unk> .
Thank you max <unk> .
Pat and i will try and settle this on camera in just a moment .
Pat let me see if i understand your position .
You're not actually against a vat at all .
You'd like a vat if it was used to replace a lot of taxes on things like capital gains and investments of rich people .
You're against a vat if it's used to pay for health care for poor people .
Is that about right .
I don't think it ought to be added on top of the present taxes at all .
I do think it's regressive .
I do think if you threw out the income throw out the personal income tax completely as well as capital gains interest income .
So take the as max was saying get rid of the progressive income tax and replace it with the regressive value added tax .
A value added tax you'd exclude certain things and then you would have a flat tax at about one hundred thousand dollars for wealthy folks say fifteen percent .
Put that together michael and you got a program that wins america .
You guys are going to you're going to be paying a lot less tax under that and the ordinary american is going to be paying a lot more and you know it .
Untrue .
I'd be paying a good deal more .
I doubt it .
From the left i'm mike kinsley .
Good night for crossfire .
But we all would be making more michael .
From the right pat buchanan .
Join us tomorrow night for another edition of crossfire .
Primenews is next and here's joe oliver to tell us what's coming up .
Joe .
Thank you michael .
Coming up next on primenews the evacuation of muslims from srebrenica in eastern bosnia comes to an abrupt and painful halt .
In south africa a. n. c. leaders accuse south africa's government of insensitive action following bloody political violence .
And why some doctors can <unk> a serious condition in some women .
