Now in the o. j. simpson case defense attorneys suffer major setbacks today in their on going effort to keep crucial evidence out of the upcoming o. j. simpson murder trial .
C. n. n.'s greg lamotte brings us up to date from los angeles .
Greg .
Well lou it would seem what we witnessed this morning is what can happen when a defendant decides to get his case to trial as quickly as possible mistakes can be made .
The defense was seeking to bring into evidence phone records from westech security in an effort to challenge the credibility of officer's testimony regarding when they decided to go into o. j. simpson's estate .
But lance ito the judge in the case ruled against the defense saying if those matters were to have been brought in they should have been mentioned during simpson's preliminary hearing .
In essence saying the window of opportunity to get that evidence in had been shut .
As one c. n. n. legal analyst put it it was like a football coach deciding to go for it on fourth and one and fumbling .
C. n. n.'s anne mcdermott has more on this morning's proceedings .
O. j. simpson seemed especially animated this morning as though eager to get on with the proceedings which got off to an intriguing start when defense attorneys called one of the crime scene investigators a liar .
This was detective phillip vannatter who testified during the preliminary hearing that the wall around simpson's home was scaled by police when no one answered a call to simpson's home .
We have now <unk> through the westech tapes that that call was not placed until after the officers had already gone over the wall .
Defense attorney gerald uelmen went onto say that transcripts obtained by westech a private security firm the phone numbers to simpson's home .
Prosecutor marcia clark said this was probably just a simple matter of miscommunication .
And all you have is someone at westech using the term front door which could easily have meant to him front gate .
Defense attorneys hoped to show that the detectives illegally entered the simpson home and therefore any evidence found there could not be introduced at trial .
But the judge dismissed this attempt to do that .
So i find that the burden of reasonable diligence as to westech has not been carried .
However defense attorneys did convince the judge to reconsider the possibility of hearing testimony about alleged wrongdoing by detective mark fuhrman .
The defense alleges he planted evidence at a crime scene in the past and they've implied he may have done this in the simpson case .
Prosecutor marcia clark meanwhile criticized the defense for characterizing prosecution witnesses as liars then went onto characterize a defense witness the same way .
The judge was clearly tiring of such talk .
Ms. clark and forgive me for interrupting you at this point but in part of your argument you indicate you feel that the defense is unfairly calling some people liars and we don't know that yet .
And by the same token for you to call somebody who hasn't testified yet a liar is i don't know that yet either .
So you can state a position that you're concerned about the <unk> of that statement but to call it a fabrication at this point i think is premature .
Thank you your honor i stand corrected .
That's a comment i make to both sides not just you .
As for simpson he continued to take a lively and sometimes critical interest in the proceedings .
Here clearly showing what he thinks of prosecution arguments .
Anne mcdermott c. n. n. los angeles .
It appears the afternoon schedule will be a full one as the court continues to tackle motions by the defense to suppress evidence .
In fact it was hinted that both sides would probably be back in the courtroom tomorrow .
The actual voir dire or one on one questioning of potential jurors is scheduled to get underway next monday .
