After surveying the political scene for the last week our bill schneider has once again come up with a play of the week .
Bill .
Judy the late senator arthur <unk> once said politics stops at the water's edge .
Well if that's the case then the atlantic ocean must have dried up because there was senate majority leader to be bob dole in europe this week conducting what looked very much like his own international policy .
The issue was bosnia .
Back during the nineteen ninety two presidential campaign candidate bill clinton was a harsh critic of president bush's policy in bosnia .
And when it was clear to all that yugoslavia was inexorably breaking apart mr. bush and his secretary of state gave short <unk> to the <unk> of those seeking freedom in slovenia croatia and bosnia .
On monday however the clinton administration appeared to soften its own support for bosnia's beleaguered muslim population .
The u. s. would no longer rely on military force to stop serbian attacks .
Instead we would try to entice the serbs to make peace by applying diplomatic pressure and offering concessions .
Certainly one of the things would be considered is the allowing a federation between the bosnian serbs and the serbs .
Both sides are being hurt by the fighting .
Both sides could benefit .
In other words a smaller stick and a bigger carrot .
That was too much for senator dole .
I think the last thing we need is another change in position american change in position on bosnia .
We want to work with the british and the french and the others who are directly involved on the ground but i don't see any resolution .
I mean how long as i've asked the question today what do we wait a year .
And say well there have been another one hundred thousand civilian casualties and we still haven't got it resolved but we can contained it .
So dole announced his own bosnia policy .
He met with nato leaders in brussels .
He met with british government leaders in london and he gave them all <unk> .
Dole called for more powerful allied air strikes against serbian positions and for lifting the arms embargo against bosnia's muslim led government less carrot more stick .
Dole is in fact adopting the position clinton took in the nineteen ninety two campaign .
Lift the arms embargo .
Lift and strike the very position that president clinton had as a candidate in nineteen ninety two and that he abandoned in may of nineteen ninety three .
Remember dole is now thinking of running for president .
He's doing to president clinton exactly what clinton did to president bush in nineteen ninety two .
I think we have to consider whether or not we should lift the arms embargo now on the bosnians since they are in no way in a fair fight with a heavily armed opponent bent on ethnic cleansing .
Dole is putting the president on the defensive just as clinton did in ninety two .
He's seeking credibility in world affairs just as clinton did in ninety two .
So if <unk> is fair play that makes dole's move on bosnia the play of the week .
Dole has one advantage clinton didn't have in ninety two .
He can be treated like a head of government because as the incoming senate majority leader that's exactly what he is .
He can make commitments clinton couldn't make in nineteen ninety two .
I'll bet if we had a vote in early january or february on lifting the arms embargo we'd have i'd say between seventy and eighty votes to lift the arms embargo .
The clinton administration is complaining the senator's dole's policy will split the nato alliance .
Now that's possible .
And if the u. s. defies the arms embargo against bosnia other countries might feel free to defy our sanctions policy against iraq and libya .
That's also possible but we may have to take those risks senator dole says because something that looks a lot like genocide is going on in bosnia .
Both president bush and president clinton have insisted that bosnia is primarily a european not an american responsibility .
Well maybe so but the rule in world affairs in the post cold war era is this unless the united states acts nothing happens .
All right bill so the senator did score some political points overseas this week but how is he going to be affected here back at home by the loss of his ally alan simpson in the race for majority whip .
I think the election of trent lott is a message to dole that he'd better get with the program .
Look at the leadership of the republicans now in congress .
You've got gingrich and armey in the house .
You've got lott as dole's deputy in the senate .
These all come from the house style of opposition tough in your face aggressively conservative .
Dole was always a <unk> .
Make a deal split the difference pragmatic get things down .
It means he's going to be under pressure from the right and remember those primary voters in the republican party are also very conservative and they'll be looking for signals .
It's a message to dole get with the program .
All right .
Bill schneider thanks .
Bernie .
Thank you judy .
The former head of the democratic national committee david wilhelm departed recently saying he wanted more time to spend with his family .
Now wilhelm has more family with which to spend time .
Lucas wilhelm was born yesterday tipping the scales at seven pounds thirteen ounces .
We're happy to report that he and his mom are doing fine .
And we assume he's a democrat .
I assume .
That's all for this edition of inside politics .
I'm judy woodruff .
I'm bernard shaw .
