Joining us to discuss the pentagon's new regulations on homosexuals in the military are retired air force colonel alan <unk> he is professor of history at the industrial college of the armed forces in washington and michelle <unk> an attorney with the <unk> legal defense network .
She is a veteran and a lesbian .
She says she left the army after becoming tired of lying about her sexuality .
I don't think that either one of you is terribly fond of this don't tell don't ask don't pursue policy .
Nonetheless do you think it will work colonel <unk> .
Oh don't put words in my mouth at all .
First of all anything i say is my point of view and it doesn't represent the point of view of the institution for whom i work or the department of defense .
No i don't have a problem with the policy as expressed .
I think that this is a perfectly workable policy perfectly workable policy .
All right but you are not fond of the idea of gays serving in the military correct .
No i don't have a problem with gays serving in the military as long as gays keep their sexual orientation to themselves .
Gays keep the sexual orientation to themselves there is not going to be an problems .
We have had gays in the military since the time since militaries began and it is really not a problem as long as gays as a matter of fact as long as everybody keeps their sexual practices to themselves it won't be a problem .
This is not going to be a problem .
Michelle your thoughts .
No i don't think the policy is workable .
I think it would have been nearly impossible for the <unk> implementing regulations to fix what basically is a fundamentally flawed policy .
And what i find most noteworthy about sec .
Aspin's comments is that in them he did not once mention military readiness as a rationale underpinning this policy .
Instead his comments reflected the language of compromise and the fears of other people as a basis for the policy .
According to the united states courts that are striking down this policy more and more every day that is not a legitimate basis for grounding the policy .
We will be back with more discussion on this topic with our two guests in just a moment .
First this break .
We are talking about he pentagon's new regulations on homosexuals in the military with retired air force colonel alan <unk> and michelle <unk> an attorney with the <unk> legal defense network .
Colonel <unk> you were saying a few moments ago that you do think the policy will work .
Is it though a violation of civil rights to ask a gay to serve in secret in the military .
And if it is not a violation of civil rights is it fair .
Well first of all we in the military don't have very many civil rights to begin with .
We discriminate in the military all the time when it is in the interest of military effectiveness nothing unusual .
We don't take very <unk> people .
We don't take very thin people .
We don't take very old people or very young people .
We don't take very tall people or very short people .
We don't take people with bad teeth and bad eyes .
Discrimination is something that we do in the interests of getting the mission done .
And the whole point behind the policy is will the policy of bringing gays into the military with their sexual orientation being kept to themselves enhance effectiveness or hurt effectiveness .
It won't do anything to effectiveness if the identity is kept to themselves .
And if you think of it as a sacrifice ms. battista it is just one of many sacrifices that people have to make in the military including the ultimate sacrifice that you can be called upon to make your life .
So it is just one more sacrifice and if you want to serve in an all voluntary force it seems to me that it is not a very great sacrifice to make keeping your orientation private .
Ms. battista you don't commit sex acts in pubic .
Nobody on television knows anything about your sex life .
Why should anybody know anything about anybody's sex life .
Um i i would prefer to ask the questions myself here but i understand the point that you are making .
Michelle is the use of the term a violation of civil rights' then perhaps the wrong term .
I don't think so .
I think that is exactly what it is .
Every indicator that colonel <unk> mentioned in terms of how the military discriminates is directly related to job performance unlike this policy .
We have examples of openly gay people and petty officer keith <unk> and marine sargent justin <unk> who are serving today and are serving well and show that gay people do perform the job well .
In fact there was no dispute about the job performance of gay people in this whole national debate over the last year .
Regarding conduct standards gay and lesbian people are prepared to abide by the same conduct standards as their straight counterparts as long as they are applied <unk> .
And i think that is what is at the gist of the unfairness and i believe the <unk> of this present policy that standards are in fact not applied equally to straight and gay people .
And we could not agree more that someone's sexual behavior should stay out of the workplace .
Unfortunately the example of tailhook shows us that that is not always so .
I think perhaps the one part of the phrase don't ask don't tell don't pursue that may cause some legal problems is don't pursue because the bottom line is that if you are found out to be gay you can be dismissed .
Your concerns about that .
I have some severe concerns that the provisions on which i have been briefed on the policy that the administration has cited as their protection for <unk> really are inadequate .
In the form in which they currently exist they are very vague and without a very strong leadership emphasis throughout the chain of command pursuits will continue .
In fact since the president stated his intent in july to end witch hunts my organization <unk> legal defense network has documented evidence that they continue along with other abuses in the field .
And we have no reason to believe that these new regulations by themselves will stop that .
Colonel <unk> do you think that eventually the pentagon's hand will be forced by these issues going to the courts .
Number .
I think in the long run if it eventually will reach the supreme court because somebody will push it to that level .
And i think that precedent and past precedent has the courts allowing the services to carry out personnel policies when the services in their best judgment think it is in the best interest of sound military policy and military effectiveness to do so .
So i think that when it reaches that particular level none of the decisions that have been made so far that have been key decisions have been made unanimously in any case .
And i think eventually that the courts will allow the military a they have in the past to do the things that are necessary to make an effective military .
It is a unique way of life with a unique mission .
There isn't anything else like it and almost all other comparisons really all other comparisons to all other professions really fall short for that reason .
Secretary of defense aspin said that he did not feel that this policy was forever that it was bound to change again .
I would like to ask both of you if you might predict if you will which way this policy might change again .
Colonel <unk> .
That's hard to say .
The devil is in the details and how the regulations are written which is what we are missing right now .
What is happening what is going to happen at the base level with the don't pursue aspects of this .
The way that it is probably going to be interpreted unless there is a valid complaint of a homosexual act the various investigating agencies will not be able to pursue .
If that in fact is the way it is carried out and it is carried out diligently that way i really don't see anything other than sanding the rough edges in the future .
This policy don't ask don't tell don't pursue if it is carried out that way nobody asks nobody tells and nobody pursues unless there is an act .
And a homosexual sex act is just as reprehensible and no more reprehensible than a heterosexual sex act both being open to prosecution and both being open to dismissal .
Michelle quickly .
The last five courts that have looked at this issue have found the policy to be unconstitutional so the momentum is building in the courts indeed to change this policy .
What the last year's debate and these regulations make more clear is that the policy is based on the fears of others about gay people .
And the courts have said that that's not a basis on which to discriminate so i would i don't like to make a prediction about the courts but the momentum certainly is toward striking down this policy .
