South korea unveiled its five year plan for economic renewal today .
The blueprint is the latest in a series of ambitious changes proposed by the country's <unk> president kim yong sang .
C. n. n.'s eileen o'connor reports that for many koreans the prospect of change is colored by the possibility of korean unification .
Han jung <unk> is seventy three years old and works in the subways in south korea .
Yet his six brothers and mother and father live in the north .
None of them have seen each other in some fifty years .
For han jung <unk> <unk> with his family will be a priceless gift a dream .
I lost all my documents even their pictures in the war he says .
But i still remember here .
Despite the standoff over the north's nuclear program the south's leaders still think that dream may become a reality even in han jung <unk> lifetime .
The economic deprivation in the communist north coupled with the political isolation of the government of kim il sung by his traditional allies in russia and china means unification could come either <unk> or peacefully .
The south fears the collapse of the north will mean floods of refugees and an economic burden almost too big to bear .
As you know the division is almost lasting for half a century .
The economic of course differences between the two is great .
The unification process certainly is going to be a painful one i think .
That is a message not lost here on the factory floor .
It is these people who stand the greatest risk of unemployment if economic refugees desperate for work flood south from the north .
It is these taxpayers who will bear what some estimate could be a nine hundred eighty billion dollar price tag .
That's over three times the annual gross national product .
In <unk> <unk> has been working here at <unk> the world electronics giant for some six years .
She already worries about food prices and about products not selling well in an ever competitive market .
I see the problems germany had she says .
Here the gap is even wider .
We need to take time .
We might have even worse problems than germany .
Ironically tearing down the military lines could cost the korean continent not just economically but militarily .
For unification reduces the need for some thirty six thousand u. s. troops based here .
Even unity will not guarantee security .
Just as democracy has not guaranteed economic stability .
Kim yong sang has inherited the task of guaranteeing the future of this country of contrasts .
A future dependent on the progress he can restore beneath the shadow of the thirty eighth parallel a shadow that has divided this land for so many years .
