Changes and challenges in the u. s. military bobby inman is slated to replace les aspin as defense secretary .
Aspin was a career politician respected for his hard work and dedication as a congressman and as secretary but problems existed there obviously .
Inman has experience in the military and business worlds known for a keen intellect and an outspoken demeanor .
Well joining us to discuss this transition former national security adviser brent <unk> house speaker thomas foley and from capitol hill senator william cohen a member of the armed services committee that will consider inman's nomination .
Gentlemen welcome to all of you .
Well today listening to bobby inman on the white house in the rose garden there one wondered who was hiring whom .
Mr. inman said that he did not seek the job he didn't want the job and he let us know that he didn't vote for president clinton and he said he had to reach a level of comfort before he accepted this .
General <unk> is this an unusual thing for a man to say when taking a job from a president of the united states .
It is unusual but i think one of one of the real questions involved in this is whether or not admiral inman's thinking is along the same wavelength as that of the administration .
If it isn't you know there are problems right at the outset and i think that's what he was trying to say .
Well why throw the gauntlet down like this to president clinton .
Why so public .
Much of this is the way bobby inman is made but why so publicly do that .
I think maybe the other is to establish some running room for himself and he has a you know he's already been selected and so to demonstrate that he is an independent force it maybe gives him a little leverage .
Does it trouble you speaker foley .
Not particularly .
I think the president obviously has to have confidence in inman and wouldn't have appointed him .
Admiral inman has experience as we've said earlier in the program experience as a highly respected public official both former admiral and one who's held important posts in republican administrations so you know he brings a kind of bipartisanship to the post that i think probably the administration thought would be somewhat useful and he may just be emphasizing that a little bit with his comments today .
Senator cohen earlier today senator dole said that it may not be the man but the mission that's a problem here and he pointed out that the president's budget cuts instead of being sixty billion dollars have moved to one hundred twenty seven billion dollars and just may not be able to do all the things that need to be done regardless of who's secretary of defense .
Isn't that being a little harsh .
No i think it's being quite realistic .
I think what senator dole is saying basically is look you can't continue to be cutting the budget while we've got increased missions .
If you look across the map you can see that while the threat of the former soviet union is no longer certainly as great nonetheless we don't have peace we have less peace and so i think that senator dole is pointing out what admiral inman in his own fashion was saying is that look i'm not sure that i'm completely comfortable here but i'll let you know that we need to have a strong military to contend with a very unstable and dangerous world .
So i think that senator dole was saying just the right thing .
Well i think everybody agrees we have to have a strong military .
I don't know anybody that's suggesting anything else .
There will be some debate about the level of the budget but that's inevitable in a time when everyone thinks that there has to be some adjustment done within defense spending .
The question is how much .
Let me throw this question out to all of you .
Fundamentally do you expect this new secretary of defense to chart a different course or argue a different argument than les aspin .
Well .
Can i just offer one thing .
You were asking about why would he make these public statements .
I think it's because the military has had its questions about the leadership coming from the white house and that is obviously the situation .
When les aspin was forced to deal with the top issue of last year gays in the military got off on a very rough start and i think there's been a question from bosnia to somalia to haiti and now in north korea they're not quite sure what the mission is or what the obligation of the united states is going to be and i think that bobby inman is saying that he's going to speak with a very strong voice and he has a lot of cards to play in this regard .
So i think the i'm not sure the missions are going to be changing but i think that he is going to set a course which the military at least and our allies and adversaries will be sure that's going to be coherent and consistent .
Strong comments from the white house indeed today .
Well i think one of the last issues that secretary aspin took on was that of the fifty billion dollars in additional budget deficit over the next five years and i think secretary aspin said i don't want to preside over a hollow military .
And he's left with that the last thing on the table from the secretary of defense .
You think there's a hollow military now .
No but fifty billion dollars of additional cuts could go a long way toward creating one .
Now it seems to me that admiral inman is virtually obligated to take up the <unk> where aspin left them on this issue .
Gentlemen we have testimony from admiral inman on the hill over the years closed and open testimony that have given some indication as to what he is all about .
We have a piece of tape here from some time ago where he was speaking in testimony about covert operations .
Roll that tape and then i'd like to discuss that .
You have to find somebody else to make the case for covert operations .
I'm i don't happen to be a fan simply because i don't believe the ultimate track record of success is nearly as strong as a lot of those who practiced it would have us believe .
Senator cohen is this a secretary of defense saying he doesn't believe in covert operations .
No i don't think he's saying that .
I think that admiral inman has always had the held the position that covert operations ought to be used very selectively and not as was envisioned during the initial years under bill casey as being used on a fairly regular basis .
I think he was much more cautious .
As he pointed out in his statement you tend to learn about the failures of covert operations rarely the successes and the successes aren't that frequent so you have to cautious and selective and i think that he would urge the same thing as secretary of defense so that's not his advocacy position .
Speaker foley there is another issue out there and we'll come back to senator cohen on this because it obviously affects directly on the confirmation process .
There's some question of admiral inman's connection to a man by the name of james gearan who is doing time right now for arms dealings with south africa and defrauding the company his private company of one point four billion dollars a company on which admiral inman sat on a proxy board .
Now admiral inman wrote to a judge urging a shorter sentence for this man james gearan .
Could i interrupt .
Yes go ahead .
I don't think he urged a shorter sentence .
I looked at the letter he simply pointed out that this particular individual had in serving as a private business man had in fact contributed in intelligence to the intelligence community .
He made no such recommendation that i'm aware of .
That certainly is how that letter was taken .
Wasn't that at issue senator .
I think his lawyer requested a letter a statement of fact as to this individual's activities and obviously his attorney wanted a lighter sentence but i don't believe that admiral inman was advocating that .
We'll find out more about that during his confirmation proceedings .
Are you troubled by his association with this man .
Well i'm not troubled by his association .
Here was an individual an international businessman as such who was voluntarily providing information to the united states government based upon his travels and i think that as admiral inman pointed out that was happening on a fairly regular basis until a certain time period when many businessmen turned away from volunteering that information .
So all he was pointing out is this individual voluntarily provided information that was of use to the united states .
Speaker foley do you want to sound off on .
Well this is going to be examined as the senator says in the hearings but i think there's an overwhelming sense of confidence in admiral inman's personal integrity in his ability in his past service to the united states and i think that i don't want to be in a position of talking about what will happen but i would be confident that the senate will confirm him .
Finally let us wrap up on .
Unanimously perhaps .
Unanimously .
Well i don't know but but overwhelmingly .
Unanimously senator .
I don't know .
Overwhelmingly .
Things are rarely unanimous but if there's a possibility of the unanimous vote i think that bobby inman would receive it .
He's highly respected by both parties .
Before we move off of this altogether and run out of time here i would like to look back at les aspin .
There are questions that are still not answered there .
Some suggest that somalia was the straw that broke the camel's back in the long run at least in retrospect for him .
Do you buy that .
No i don't .
How much trouble did it cause .
Well i think it caused some trouble but if you look at what first as les aspin said last week on television that that was the worst mistake he made that is not ordering the tanks in .
But in view of the policy which the administration subsequently followed ordering the tanks in would have been a disaster because we changed the policy and .
It was tarnished by that as he himself admits .
Well i know but it was a policy confusion it wasn't his decision .
One of the most unfortunate things about the press coverage following secretary aspin's resignation was the blatant error of many of the press reports that suggested i think <unk> suggested when the facts were clear that les aspin's decision not to augment the armor directly led to the loss of life in somalia in the fire fight that occurred where eighteen americans were killed .
The officer commanding the special forces in somalia major general bill garrison stated that that was not the case stated that he took responsibility for the decision .
The problems occurred when a helicopter was shot down and the pilot couldn't be extricated from the helicopter and the forces were kept there much longer than otherwise would have happened but the armor wasn't even slated to go to mogadishu for those purposes going to road actions to keep outer areas open so that the suggestion that the press has repeated from time to time that this was a mistake which cost american lives is a great disservice to public figures who like les aspin who are not guilty of this charge and the press should do a much better job in clearing away that kind of charge .
Okay .
House speaker thomas foley we thank you for your time .
Former national security adviser brent <unk> thanks a lot .
