The powerful house ways and means committee chairman dan rostenkowski of illinois apparently is still weighing his future but he may not have much time to make a final decision .
Our man bob franken joins us with the latest from the hill .
Bob .
Bernie rostenkowski was working in the capitol today and he has until next week to decide whether to accept a plea bargain or fight wide ranging indictments in a very costly and lengthy court trial .
By all accounts he has not yet decided .
He told c. n. n. i haven't made up my mind yet. as to when he will i don't know. and as for a chicago's television station's report he had decided to fight an indictment they're wrong. that was reinforced by his attorney robert bennett who said i don't expect a decision for several days .
Rostenkowski continues for now as chairman of the house ways and means committee working on the health care bill .
He's considered crucial to the legislation .
The man who is in line to replace him florida democrat sam gibbons stopped for his first television interview about it and the worry of many democrats he's not up to the task of taking over for rostenkowski .
Well i think i know a lot about the subject and we've got a good committee .
We've got a good piece of legislation and we're going to get it passed .
But what about the contention that you're not rostenkowski .
Well obviously i'm not but i think it's the merits of the legislation that will get it passed .
Most democrats say rostenkowski will be sorely missed in their campaign to pass health care .
Republicans agree the democrats are losing a key player .
It's like a team that has a heisman trophy winner .
He is one of their strongest and most effective legislative leaders .
Continuing the football metaphor one democrat accused gingrich of gloating saying he's doing an end zone dance .
Meanwhile rostenkowski by all accounts is agonizing .
Bernie .
Bob is the congressman's staff in the dark as to what their boss is going to do .
They really say they don't know what he's going to do .
The one thing they say emphatically is that he has not decided and that they will be told when he has decided .
Thank you .
Bob franken live from the hill .
Judy .
President clinton gave another boost today to the cause of abortion rights .
As promised he signed legislation making it a federal crime for protesters to block access to abortion clinics or to use force or make threats against clinic patients or staff .
Mr. clinton anti abortion mr. clinton rejected claims by anti abortion groups that the measure limits free speech .
I treasure and would fight and indeed die to protect the rights of people to express their views on this issue no matter how different they may be from mine .
I believe deeply that our country is strengthened by people whose religious convictions on this issue may be different from mine or from yours .
But the implication that people who differ about what rights should be accorded to women in our society or somehow enthusiastic about abortion is just downright wrong .
But anti abortion activists aren't giving up this round .
Two groups filed suit to try to block the law which takes effect immediately .
Others say that they will simply ignore the legislation .
