California governor pete wilson joins us now from los angeles .
Welcome governor .
Thank you bernie .
First question to you how much is the conservative contempt some people say disgust for you and george bush a threat to the bush campaign's ability to get off the ground in your state .
Well i hope you won't be terribly disappointed if i reject your premise .
Most of the california republicans would characterize themselves as conservatives most of them happen to be pro choice but as with ronald reagan that's not necessarily a defining issue with them .
I think that you will find that california republicans by and large will support the president though some of them as many of the democrats see in mr. perot an alternative i think largely because they haven't heard him define himself yet .
Governor the los angeles times poll of yesterday perot thirty nine percent clinton twenty six percent george bush twenty five percent .
Analyze that .
I will analyze it very quickly and simply .
Ross perot is a new face .
He was not the messenger not the scapegoat in a time of unprecedented economic distress .
He hasn't said anything yet he hasn't defined himself .
He <unk> to <unk> sound bite politics but he's a master at it .
But do you can you tell me what he stands for .
I'm here to ask you questions .
Well but you'll have to answer that one .
Not to answer them .
I'm going to persist .
I don't think you can nor do i think anyone else can and for that matter mr. perot very cleverly is taking pains to see that no one can .
He isn't being a candidate exactly .
He's not on the ballet in this state he could have been .
He certainly had the money to do so and had the time to do so if he chose to .
So i think that he is following a strategy of not revealing his hand perhaps because he doesn't know what his hand is .
I think the real question for ross perot is whether or not he is content to go down in history as someone who threw an election into the house of representatives and elected bill clinton .
That's probably what would happen .
That may be an invitation to the democrats to vote for perot .
Governor you're head of the bush campaign in your state .
Have you privately assured the bush campaign that they won't have to sweat abortion exploding on the floor of the republican convention this summer in houston .
Have you privately given those assurances .
No of course i haven't because i'm in no position to do so .
No one can give them those assurances and they're well aware of that .
But i would repeat what i said earlier republicans not just in this state which is a pro choice state among republicans and democrats but republicans all across this country who are pro choice in nineteen eighty and nineteen eighty four voted willingly and happily and enthusiastically for ronald reagan .
Not because he was pro life but because on balance they found him to be a mature seasoned reliable leader an economic conservative someone who believed in a strong defense in foreign policy .
Someone who gave leadership .
Now they have the same reasons with respect to george bush and i think that they will perform in much the same fashion .
On the subject of abortion in california there's a controversial new campaign ad by republican bill allen who's challenging senator john seymour in the june second primary .
Let's take a look at part of that ad .
The ad goes on to show an aborted fetus being removed from the mother's womb .
It also criticizes democrat diane feinstein who also is running for that same senate seat for her abortion rights stand .
Governor is this ad also an attack on your abortion stance .
I assume it's an attack on those who don't necessarily believe in abortion but believe that the choice should be that of the mother .
I think that's simply reality and i will make a prediction to you .
Is this ad appropriate .
I haven't seen the ad so i can't comment .
But i will make a prediction to you .
The one race in which this is very much an issue is that between senator seymour and his opponents and i predict that senator seymour will win a lop sided victory in the republican primary .
Today a los angeles county judge ruled that the trial of police officer lawrence powell would be held in los angeles county .
Do you have mixed emotions over that ruling .
No i don't have mixed emotions .
I think that it would inappropriate for me now that there is a prosecution in progress to make much comment on it .
Whether the defense moves for a change of venue i assume that's your question .
Is that your question .
Number .
I just want to know your reaction to the judge's ruling that the trial for the police officer be in los angeles county and not move to another county .
Well that's his decision and we will obviously live with that decision .
That is his to make .
I think that a fair trial can be had here .
It's difficult in the days of c. n. n.'s expanded coverage for anyone to have escaped the news and that's a tribute to your network and to other news media .
It's we're in a time of instant mass communication .
It's very difficult for people unless they choose to to ignore the news coverage that is available to them in abundance .
Let's take your words our being in a time of instant mass communication and shift it to the political landscape in california .
Indications now that for the first time in your state which pioneered television campaigning candidates now instead of going out to the <unk> and talking to people in their communities are spending millions of dollars on television advertising .
Is that good for politics .
What are the thoughts of a man who's been a mayor a governor and a senator .
Well it's not the first time and it's hardly restricted to california .
It is probably aggravated in california because this is a nation state of thirty million people and you can't reach them all by knocking on doors .
Having been a local legislator where i did knock on doors having been a mayor where i rang <unk> you can reach a certain segment of the population that way .
If you're running statewide you could be in public meetings from morning until night every day of your life and you'd reach perhaps one percent of the actual voting public .
So it's inevitable if you're going to carry a message statewide in a statewide race that you do so with the medium that will reach the people .
That's television .
It's very expensive especially in certain markets like los angeles and the bay area .
Yes i think it's unfortunate that we don't have more personal campaigning although i will tell you that when i campaigned relentlessly on a personal schedule running for the united states senate the second time in nineteen eighty eight that campaign was largely ignored .
Last quick question how much will the perot phenomenon affect your decision to run for the white house in ninety six .
Well you've got a double premise in there and i'm not sure i accept either one .
I have a job i like and one i've always wanted and it may seem strange and may suggest certain <unk> but i'm enjoying it .
I like it .
I'll probably seek a second term but even that is not decided and i will definitely confer with my wife before i do so your question is at a minimum premature .
And i frankly had never even thought about ross perot's affecting it .
Ross perot if he were not a billionaire i don't think would be a factor because otherwise you'd have a john anderson situation .
This is essentially a two party nation .
I think it's wise that it remain one .
Okay .
If you look at the <unk> in other democracies those coalitions don't function very well .
Governor thank you for joining us on inside politics ninety two .
Thank you bernie .
