This is weekend edition .
I'm alex <unk> .
Isn't true that someone comes in from out of town and you're showing them around and they notice all the stuff that gets by you .
You used to see it maybe but you don't anymore the way the hills roll say or the <unk> blue the neighbors chose for the front door of their place .
The person from away sees differently and hears differently too .
That tune was recorded and published more than thirty years ago in northwest louisiana in shreveport by a little company called ram records .
No one's heard much of this music lately or of ram either .
It went out of the recording business decades ago .
Now a long time fan of <unk> and rhythm and blues and the louisiana mix of flavors an englishman named ray topping has assembled the first of what are to be several ram record <unk> .
And this first one is called shreveport stomp .
The ram story is all the more remarkable ray topping notes because forty years ago in shreveport the only music business was a radio show called the louisiana <unk> which launched starts like hank williams and elvis presley and many many others .
But as soon as they got famous they went elsewhere and if it would be tough for anyone to start a record label in shreveport it was tougher still in this case because the founder of ram records was <unk> smith a guitar player a singer a songwriter and a woman .
Ray topping talked with us from our studios in london .
It was very unusual for a woman to be running a record company and i don't think a lot of the people like the distributors and other people sort of thought she was serious like .
You know .
And i think that stood in the way quite a bit .
It wasn't anything to do with the quality of the music .
How did she find these artists to record .
Well first of all she would hand pick people what appeared on the louisiana <unk> and then later on she then decided to go out on sort of field trips and she'd go to places like south louisiana and that's where she discovered roy perkins one of my favorites on the label .
Was this a hit .
Was this song a hit .
No no .
I mean in fact bob dart never actually got released at the time .
<unk> put it out in the early seventies on a special ram release and she put an <unk> in one of the record magazines saying you can get these <unk> or <unk> of some old ram material .
And that's how you heard about it .
That's how i heard about it .
I'd seen this <unk> that she was selling them for you know a dollar a piece i think and sent me money off for that .
How is it that you found an affinity and love for this music and came over here and kind of rediscovered ram .
Well i think it all stems from growing up in england during the late fifties and i was a big fan of rock 'n roll when it emerged in england you know and we heard all the american recordings like elvis and jerry lee lewis and it was really my love of the music from the states and particularly the southern states somehow that feelings there on those records out of the southern states which is often lacking in the records from say new york and places .
Did ram records ever have a real hit .
What's the biggest song they did .
Well i would say probably <unk> sam by t. v. slim which obviously sold pretty well because she cut the original version which is on this c. d. and then chess got hold of it for distribution and they said could you go and record it again because they thought it was a little bit it could be <unk> up a bit more .
So she went down to new orleans and got it <unk> again with fats <unk> band .
And then it lost momentum because the original version which is on this c. d. was getting all the action around texas louisiana .
Yeah it's got a great kind of energy in it doesn't it .
Yes and see what happened is when they <unk> it it was a more faster version more <unk> version but it didn't have the <unk> of the first version .
Did any of the people that <unk> smith discovered go on to be big stars .
I don't think anybody on the label there actually went on to be a bigger star .
I mean i think it is a situation again ram just didn't have that clout to get it all around america .
But see the other thing is alex you got to realize is that during that fifties period payola played a big important part in the record business .
In getting artists heard .
Yeah in getting artists heard yes .
You had to be able to pay to get the play on the air and <unk> smith and ram records they were just too little .
Too little .
She couldn't afford that payola which some of the big northern companies were paying out you know to disc <unk> and consequently your stuff just got you know she would send them off to billboard for review .
She would have sent them to different radio stations but unless you had that clout that's why the records never got played enough or played at all by certain radio stations .
What about a song like red beans and rice .
What happened to that .
Well that one again as far as i know didn't go anywhere .
It may have got some local radio play in louisiana but as far as my knowledge goes it didn't get anywhere at the time which is strange .
Very strange .
You know what's strange listening to you and listening to this music is that someone who is so obviously not an american may have discovered these treasures of american music and restored them to us .
Yes i you know i like to think i've gone a long way to be doing that .
In england here we sort of probably put a lot more effort into sort of discovering american music than probably the americans do .
Now they are getting in onto it a bit more now in the states but i mean we've been doing this now for about fifteen years and it's still you know we still got lots more things to find still .
I've got a list as long as your arm of more labels to pick up .
I'm still currently checking out a few more people down south with some amazing recordings .
So it's not going to be the end of it .
Ray topping in london talking about his latest compilation of music shreveport stomp from ace records .
Listening to this c. d. in an office at npr with the door open and speakers <unk> there was one cut in particular that had people asking if this was patsy cline .
No it is not patsy cline .
It is margaret lewis who co wrote reconsider me a hit for rhythm and blues artist johnny adams but this demo version of margaret lewis singing lead and backup vocals and playing guitar and drums with <unk> smith also on guitar this version was never released until now .
Margaret lewis lives in shreveport louisiana .
We reached her in a studio there to ask why we've never heard her version of her own song .
Well that's one of those questions .
You know i made a lot of <unk> .
As a lot of songwriters or you know singer slash songwriters i was concentrating mostly on writing songs and looking back i think your question's very valid .
I should have probably concentrated more on the singing .
Somehow national stardom passed by margaret lewis despite that extraordinary voice and early recognition .
Back in high school she started her own <unk> band margaret lewis and the <unk> .
She won a local talent contest which meant a try out with the louisiana <unk> in shreveport and there she met the owner of ram records <unk> smith .
Margaret lewis was seventeen years old when she made her first recording for ram <unk> can't win .
But ram records was competing with companies like atlantic and imperial and chess records .
And it was particularly tough for a woman margaret lewis says even one as determined as <unk> smith .
It was difficult but it was also a lot of fun you know having a studio getting to go in and experiment with the music and working with all the different musicians and singers and people that were passing through or living in shreveport at the time and unfortunately the <unk> closed down in nineteen sixty so shreveport became musically an <unk> town for many years .
Nashville of course went just the opposite .
They promoted the music there and it became of course a recording center .
People were going up to the grand ole <unk> and that radio show was really taking off then .
That's right .
Margaret lewis and <unk> smith tried nashville for a while but twenty years ago <unk> finally decided to shut down ram records .
Eventually both women returned to shreveport where margaret continues as a singer today .
She's married to <unk> smith's cousin alton warwick and when <unk> died of leukemia a few years ago margaret lewis became co owner of the long neglected ram records archives .
And then one sunday evening about a year ago the telephone rang and there calling from england was ray topping .
We got a phone call oh i guess about seven o'clock and this english voice comes on the phone .
My husband answered and it's ray topping from england just out of the blue wanting to know if we are the people that have ram records .
So alton said yes and so the end of conversation is it progressed to he asked alton if he knew the singer margaret lewis and alton said well i certainly do .
In fact she's in the kitchen now fixing a bit of supper .
Would you like to speak to her so then that's how we met ray topping and he's since been over to shreveport a couple of times and started going through these boxes and boxes of ram tapes that have been stored thirty years or so and rediscovering all of this stuff .
It is a total surprise to me because we sort of thought you know that was all in the past .
You were in a studio down there in shreveport now .
That's right .
I wonder you have your instrument with you .
Yes .
Could you play something for us that you play now when you go out to sing .
I have my good friend buddy fleck with me .
Buddy is one of the fleck brothers who have the group the <unk> .
He's going to join me in the studio and maybe we could just do a little blues number or something .
Yeah that'd be great .
Well let me just say that was terrific and you ought to be out on the road all the time with a band .
Oh i'd love it .
I'm ready to go .
Looking back margaret lewis on what happened with ram records with the louisiana <unk> closing down and music moving away from shreveport big commercial music do you feel like you missed out on stuff that somehow it didn't happen for you .
Well i guess i do actually .
I feel like that is a missing part of my life and my career because i love to sing and i love to perform and if through the blessing of fate and things that happen now i would be most grateful .
Margaret lewis good luck to you .
Thank you alexander .
Let's go out on one more if we could .
Well how about reconsider me .
O. k. that's great .
Margaret lewis spoke and sang from ron capone studios in shreveport louisiana .
As one of their next projects ace records in england will be releasing an entire c. d. of margaret lewis material .
I'm alex <unk> .
I'm alex <unk> .
Coming up on weekend edition saturday american housing for returning russian soldiers not exactly the <unk> they had in mind .
An exiled member of haiti's parliament thinks about going home and a new novel by julia alvarez about a tumultuous era on the other half of that caribbean island .
