Well let's continue with this trillion dollar challenge .
What .
Meet the very enthusiastic congressman from columbus ohio .
You've got to understand how this government works .
Forty two year old john kasich who will be the next chairman of the very powerful house budget committee .
Mr. president if you're watching would you please give us your specifics .
John kasich elected to congress in nineteen eighty two his dad was a mailman .
Richard nixon got him interested in politics .
Kasich it rhymes with basic he says never misses an opportunity to state the challenge .
We are literally mortgaging the future of young americans in this country and we've got to stand up have the courage listen to what the people want and then lead .
John kasich is the man who the republican party has picked to make good on the financial commitments made in the republican contract with america .
They say he's very good .
They say he's very smart .
They say he's very enthusiastic .
And they say he may not be realistic .
Here's the challenge cut the taxes about two hundred fifty billion dollars' worth take the ax to government spending and balance the federal budget by two thousand two .
That's a trillion dollars in spending cuts which mr. kasich has to find .
It's hard to imagine a trillion dollars .
Mr. kasich likes this story .
Cutting federal spending is an awful lot like going on a diet .
If you're overweight it's pretty hard to cut back on the food .
But after you do you put the suit on it feels good but it's the diet that we have to get used to .
The old hand senator warren rudman who has negotiated budgets in congress for years hopes it works .
On the other hand .
If you're talking about major tax cuts and talking about deficit reduction at the same time i'm afraid that those things are generally inconsistent today .
But you have to begin somewhere says mr. kasich .
So how about medicare for a start .
We're going to raise the deductible on medicare part a so that wealthier people are going to have to carry a little bit more of the load .
Student loans have been mentioned .
We're going to say to college students when they get their student loan instead of paying interest once they graduate from college that interest is going to begin accumulating as soon as they get the loan .
Privatizing parts of government like the federal aviation administration .
What we would do is create a private non profit corporation owned by the users of the airlines .
And what about government subsidies for agriculture .
We know that the biggest part of the agriculture program is food stamps .
The food stamp program is going to go under severe review .
It is a program that is fraught with waste fraud and abuse .
He's a thoughtful man john kasich .
When he talks about helping working americans he often refers to his father .
My dad carried mail on his back .
You know what the american legacy is as my dad said johnny you're going to be better off than i am .
And what would his father who died some time ago think of his energetic son today .
Just give it to them johnny .
You know do it .
Get the team together .
Don't talk so much listen a little bit and work with other people .
He will certainly have to do that .
A trillion dollars is a lot of money to save without cutting your throat .
