Good evening .
From national public radio in washington i'm katie davis with all things considered .
A christmas celebration in percussion this holiday night on all things considered .
Counting time with the principle <unk> of the national symphony orchestra .
Also these stories the civil war pauses for christmas mass in sarajevo peace draws people to bethlehem the family stories that are cross stitched into <unk> and on the wings of a snow white angel a woman finds spirit in her life a christmas story .
That and more .
First this news .
It's all things considered .
This is katie davis .
The world can seem especially quiet on christmas day .
For christians it is a time of prayer a time to celebrate with family .
For others it may be a normal day with the pace perhaps slower .
And so comes an opportunity for reflection on the year gone by especially in places that have seen uncommon change .
We have three reports now .
The first from sean <unk> in sarajevo the capitol of bosnia .
On christmas eve just before midnight the sound of gunfire died out as the <unk> of church bells began marking the beginning of sarajevo's second christmas under siege .
In the darkness of a winter night the city almost appeared normal as people tried to begin the festive season much as they did in times of peace .
Hundreds gathered to hear midnight mass regardless of whether they were catholic orthodox or muslim .
It has always been more of a social occasion than a religious one for the city .
The crowds spilled out of the cathedral into the main square .
Old friends greeted each other warmly momentarily forgetting their troubles .
Christmas in sarajevo was celebrated by those who do as best they can .
Going to church means <unk> falling mortars and the <unk> sniper fire that has already claimed so many victims .
Most of the city's population survives on a meager diet of humanitarian aid .
There was little feasting as most people have not had meat for a year and a half .
A few families had enough savings left to buy presents for their children .
The rest are recycling last year's toys .
But whatever one's religion in sarajevo christmas is now a time of bitter memories .
The unhappy contrast between the pleasant european lifestyles people once enjoyed and their present hunger and suffering cannot be forgotten at this time of year .
It is a time to remember the overflowing graveyards and the friends and family buried there .
It is a time to remember homes lost and destroyed .
Politically there is no joy either for sarajevans at the moment .
The negotiating table bears as little cheer as their christmas lunches .
Just back from peace talks their president alija izetbegovic says he is not very optimistic the serbs and the croats will make the territorial concessions he says are necessary before he will sign a peace deal .
Another year of war looms with little hope next christmas will be celebrated in better circumstances .
For national public radio this is sean <unk> in sarajevo .
This is james <unk> in johannesburg south africa .
People are calling this the last white christmas .
By next year this time a black government will be in power .
It's mid summer here and the street of the city are mostly empty .
Many white people have headed for the seaside .
Many black people have done the same or have gone to the homeland to spend christmas with family and friends .
Parliament approved the new constitution this week and the stage is now set for campaigning for elections in april in which for the first time black people will be able to vote and stand for national political office .
The new constitution has been a long time coming .
It's almost four years since president f. w. de klerk announced his intention to end apartheid .
There have been many near breakdowns in the negotiation process .
It was with a since of relief that politicians approved the constitution and headed for the beaches on their summer holidays .
But not everybody's happy .
The white right wing and the inkatha freedom party are among a group of conservatives who make up the freedom alliance .
They haven't approved the new constitution and there are more negotiations planned for january to try and meet their objections and get them to join the settlement process .
Political violence continues this holiday season and there are fears that ultra right wing white groups who oppose the end of white rule may try and make their threats of civil war a reality .
There's also no sign of an end to fighting between supporters of the african national congress and inkatha .
But there's nevertheless an air of confidence .
The political settlement is largely complete and the economy is showing signs of the recovery the country needs if it's to provide improved standards of living for everybody .
Political and business leaders are saying they're confident that south africa's period of turmoil and political conflict is at least nearing its end .
For national public radio i'm james <unk> in johannesburg .
This is linda gradstein in jerusalem .
Christians in the holy city turned their attention a few miles down the road today to the traditional birthplace of jesus .
Encouraged by the israel p. l. o. agreement signed in september bethlehem held the largest christmas celebration since the beginning of the palestinian uprising six years ago .
The traditional midnight mass was broadcast live around the world and pilgrims joined the procession to the <unk> where the faithful say jesus was born almost two thousand years ago .
Police estimated that more than twenty thousand visitors came to the town over the weekend .
Bethlehem mayor elias <unk> said the only time he remembered more people in town for christmas was when pope paul the eleventh visited in nineteen sixty four .
Both jerusalem and bethlehem may see another papal visit soon .
Israel and the vatican are scheduled to establish diplomatic relations next week and in his christmas message pope john paul said he's considering visiting the middle east .
<unk> latin patriarch michel <unk> conducted the midnight mass .
He said the israel p. l. o. agreement on palestinian self rule had instilled new hope in people's hearts but he said suffering under israeli control was not over .
A sign of that came in a struggle between mayor <unk> and the israeli military authorities over a palestinian flag which flew from bethlehem city hall .
Israel insisted it come down and mayor <unk> threatened to cancel christmas celebrations .
At the last minute a compromise was reached .
Israeli and palestinian negotiators are also trying to work out a compromise on issues such as control of border crossings .
The first deadline for the beginning of the israeli withdrawal from gaza and jericho has already passed .
Israelis and palestinians say several issues still need to be worked out but both sides are confident that they will reach a compromise and the withdrawal will begin soon .
