The reuters news service reports that there was heavy fighting between government forces and unita rebels in angola this weekend just sixty miles from the capital luanda .
Peace talks are underway but reached an impasse last week when the rebels accused the government of trying to assassinate their leader jonas savimbi .
The eighteen year old war resumed more than a year ago and at least one hundred thousand people have died of starvation disease and war injuries during that time .
Cindy <unk> of african news service recently visited a besieged city in the northern part of the country and reports on the children orphaned by the angolan war .
The city of <unk> rests between rolling green hills in northern angola .
Downtown an outdoor market sells whiskey and wine that the average person here can hardly afford .
A barber shop stands as one of the few businesses that have reopened .
It's a strange sight in a town populated mainly by refugees who can rarely afford a meal let alone a haircut .
The poverty is reflected most vividly in the children .
They wander the streets rooting through piles of garbage for food .
Many have been crippled by malnutrition and crawl on all fours .
Some of the lucky children get meals at feeding centers like this one run by foreign relief groups .
Sean lee works in <unk> with the irish based aid group concern which runs the feeding centers from a seminary warehouse and schools .
Well a lot of the cases seem to be the children especially the young children their mothers have gone out to the country to get food and have been either killed or blown up by mines and that's a lot of the cases .
Relief workers estimate that there are up to ten thousand orphans in <unk> .
Like lee says many of their parents have been killed when they venture into the countryside looking for <unk> a <unk> root that grows widely here and has helped keep many people alive .
If adults aren't killed by the land mines they risk being shot by unita rebels or by government troops .
Those who were killed left behind children like thirteen year old <unk> .
He lives at the seminary which serves as one of the local feeding centers .
It is also one of the few places in <unk> that houses homeless children .
I was orphaned by my parents .
My father got sick and died and my mother died of an injury .
Hundreds of people come to the feeding centers every day to receive rations of a yellow high protein <unk> .
Twenty seven year old maria jose <unk> is among them .
Two of her children were killed by rebels outside of <unk> .
The three remaining toddlers were on the verge of starving to death until food aid arrived in september .
We lost everything .
We were without a house without a place to stay .
Some of the children were killed when they attacked at midnight .
My children weren't able to escape and my husband was somewhere else .
Some children injured in the war end up in <unk> hospital .
A quick tour reveals a <unk> and emaciated fourteen year old girl whose leg is <unk> from malnutrition .
She shifts constantly under her sheet and speaks in halting words through surges of pain .
Medicine at the hospital is often stolen and can only be purchased at the downtown market .
A government health official in <unk> says three to four children die at the hospital each day .
Angola is believed to have the highest infant mortality rate in the world .
In october alone six hundred children died of malnutrition in <unk> .
Doctor <unk> <unk> is the director of the city's hospital .
The problem with malnutrition only began this year .
This province is one hundred percent agricultural and we never had this situation .
This began when the war resumed in october last year .
That was to have been the time to usher democracy into this former <unk> colony .
Elections had just been held in line with peace accords that had ended sixteen years of war .
But unita refused to accept its defeat in the elections and fighting erupted again .
The war switched from rural battles to urban <unk> creating mini <unk> throughout the country .
Despite a recent lull in the fighting <unk> is still surrounded by unita .
The world food program sends food to <unk> on two flights a day but it estimates that at least seven flights are needed daily .
The u. n. relief coordinator in angola manuel da silva says the situation in <unk> reflects the problems plaguing the entire country .
He says that the u. n. has received less than half of the more than two hundred million dollars it asked for earlier this year .
Our appeal in geneva got to a moment where there was other priorities in the international community and basically bosnia and somalia were getting all the mass media attention .
This is not a very popular war .
The war isn't high profile but it is particularly bloody .
The united nations has described the angolan war as the world's worst conflict with as many as one thousand people dying daily .
But an end to the war might be in sight .
Peace talks between unita and the government appear to have made some progress .
The two sides have agreed on steps towards implementing a cease fire .
But with eighteen years of mistrust behind them observers say it will be some time before angola ceases to be a battlefield .
Back in <unk> the children lucky enough to get into the feeding centers wait for the politicians to make peace .
But even when the war does end it will be decades before <unk> children are able to put the atrocities and losses behind them .
