In upstate new york today two men have been arrested and charged with carrying out a bombing campaign against members of one family .
Five people died when someone with a grudge sent six package bombs to various family members all to be delivered at about the same time all designed to kill when they were opened .
Here's a. b. c.'s karen <unk> .
It was a cunning act to commit especially chilling during the holiday season .
Yesterday afternoon several packages containing tool kits were delivered across rochester buffalo and northern new york state to members of the fowler family .
They were lethal gifts carefully designed so that lifting a latch would set off a bomb .
It was the worst explosion i've ever heard in my life .
I thought somebody came through the sliding glass door in a car .
It was so loud .
By eight o'clock last night four bombs had exploded within ninety minutes at eleanor <unk> home her husband's office her daughter's townhouse .
In the end five members or friends of the family were dead two were wounded .
They would have to have some knowledge of what they were doing and basically how they were designing and making these devices .
After searching the area this morning police took three people into custody for questioning brenda <unk> the daughter of the <unk> michael t. stevens her boyfriend who fit the composite sketch police issued and earl figley a transient whose last known residence was this motel .
This evening local state and federal officials announced the arrest of michael stevens and earl figley on charges of interstate transportation of explosives used to kill .
One of the defendants earl figley purchased fifty five pounds worth of explosives in kentucky transported them to the rochester area .
They were then made into bombs .
And there is a variety of other things that you'll see when you look at the complaint .
And those explosives were used to kill and <unk> the people throughout new york state .
No charges have been filed against the fowler daughter .
But according to prosecutors this case could go before a grand jury within the next two weeks .
And if convicted the two men could face the death penalty .
As to the motive neither police nor prosecutors will comment .
Karen <unk> a. b. c. news rochester .
Still on the subject of violence a new electronic billboard has gone up in new york's times square .
The death clock is the idea of a gun control group .
It will tick off the number of guns manufactured in the united states and the number of people shot to death .
Along the coast of new jersey this week's blast of cold weather may be too much for some dolphins trapped by ice in an inland waterway .
Police and coast guard boats tried to clear a pathway for them today but the ice reformed and the boats scared the dolphins away .
