President clinton meantime is demanding the release of the two airmen whose chopper was downed over north korea .
John holliman is at the white house this morning with more reaction to the north korean incident .
Good morning john .
Bob good morning to you .
As you point out the white house is attempting to do everything it can to get that chief warrant officer who's still alive out of north korea while at the same time not doing anything to widen the gap between the united states and the government of north korea .
President clinton learned about this incident before church yesterday .
As he and mrs. clinton were in church the white house released a statement reacting all this .
It says our thoughts and prayers are with the families of both aviators .
The united states' it says wants prompt access to chief warrant officer hall and his return along with the remains of chief warrant officer hilemon .
The statement concludes the tragic loss of life was unnecessary .
The administration says it wants to settle this incident without making too big a deal of it because the united states and north korea have improved relations between their two countries in recent months and administration officials at the state department and here at the white house say they want to do everything they can to avoid rocking the boat on those improved relations .
Mr. clinton is not commenting publicly about an incident here over the weekend apparently the third incident in the fall when someone has apparently attempted to attack the white house .
Government ballistics experts will spend the day today looking at bullets found on the grounds here including one inside the state dining room .
The window to that room penetrated by one of the bullets has been replaced .
The big event on the president's schedule today is briefing for reporters and the american people on how the president plans to cut the federal budget the budget of his administration in response to the big tax cuts the president proposed last week .
Along with mr. clinton at that briefing for reporters will be several members of his budget team and the secretary of transportation the secretary of housing and urban development and the deputy secretary of energy .
All of those cabinet and sub cabinet officers are expected to take big hits in their budgets as a result of what the president the vice president and others will be announcing at noon eastern time today .
John holliman c. n. n. live at the white house .
