In other news today a new report on a major public health concern one that's become a particularly acute problem in the military .
Suicide is now the third leading cause of death among servicemen and women in peacetime .
Alarmed by the rising number of suicides among marines the marine corps has ordered a task force to investigate .
A. b. c.'s ron claiborne on what they are finding .
So far in the first four months of this year twenty marines have taken their own lives compared to twenty four suicides in all of nineteen ninety two .
Military officials say most of the suicides were among seventeen to twenty four year olds who had problems in a personal relationship but some mental health professionals and some marines believe another factor is the downsizing of the military that many marines are worried about the loss of a military career and the self esteem that goes with it .
Now suddenly they're threatened with the potential at least for losing all of that and having to enter the civilian arena where the values and the lifestyle are so totally different .
Seven of the marine suicides occurred at camp pendleton california .
Today's report found that nearly half of those who killed themselves there were being forced out of the corps .
In at least three of the cases the marines involved had requested but had not competed successfully for either <unk> or retention slots .
The pride and the pressure through all the events that have been going on throughout the marine corps .
Probably all the cutbacks .
Marines are really worried about the cutbacks .
At camp pendleton the marines responded to the suicides with a crash course this month in suicide prevention for officers and sergeants .
They are also adopting an army program that trains <unk> in suicide recognition and counseling .
Officials say programs like this have helped reduce the suicide rate in the other three services .
All of these efforts it is hoped will help young men and women cope with the pressures of being a marine and the increasing likelihood that many of them won't be .
Ron claiborne a. b. c. news los angeles .
