Based on information i have learned since filing lawsuit i now realize the memories which arose during and after the hypnosis are unreliable .
In fact if i knew at the time i filed the lawsuit what i know today i would have never included cardinal bernardin in it .
Our justice system has affirmed my innocence .
Truth has prevailed .
Live from washington crossfire .
On the left mike kinsley .
On the right john sununu .
Tonight memories .
In the crossfire in new york psychiatrist richard gardner author of true and false accusations of child sex abuse .
And in minneapolis psychologist renee <unk> author of repressed memories .
Good evening .
Welcome to crossfire .
Last fall a thirty four year old man named steven cook sued the catholic church for ten million dollars .
He said that as a teenager he had been sexually molested by two priests including the man who is now the archbishop of chicago cardinal joseph bernardin .
Yesterday mr. cook withdrew the accusations against cardinal bernardin .
He said he now believes his memory of the incident was unreliable .
Cook's memory of being abused by cardinal bernardin emerged under hypnosis .
It is an example of what is called repressed memory syndrome one of the most controversial issues in psychiatry today .
Do people repress memories of bad childhood experiences like sexual abuse until those memories are released years later by a therapist .
Or are those so called memories actually false memories induced by over eager therapists and then promoted by greedy lawyers .
And are dozens of accused parents child care workers and priests actually innocent victims of a new salem witch hunt .
John .
Doctor <unk> how many innocent people have had their <unk> ruined or even been wrongly convicted by false memories evoked by this procedure which is very very controversial .
I don't know of any statistics on that .
Do you have any idea .
Do you have any gut sense in terms of the numbers of people that produce these that these false memories are produced in .
No i really couldn't say .
Are you saying .
There's one number out there .
There is an association a foundation put together for families that feel that they have been wrongly accused and in one year they have produced seven thousand members to that foundation .
Does that number strike you as being reasonable .
Well i'm familiar with that foundation and of course false accusations are a grave concern in any crime and all the more so in sexual abuse or any crime where there aren't witnesses but false denials are very common and we don't even have a guess of the seven thousand alleged innocent people in the center for false memory <unk> group how many of those are false denials and how many are false accusations .
Most of the cases i've worked with that have included members of that foundation have in my professional opinion been false denials rather than false accusations .
How can you be such an ardent promoter of this technique of this approach without having any idea of the statistics that might be associated with the number of people in which this technique <unk> false accusations and some idea of the number of people in which those false accusations produced false charges .
Well i don't believe there's been any study done on the number of false accusations because of the problems that you have distinguishing false accusations from false denials .
Now i do know that linda meyers williams did a study in which she followed girls who had been hospitalized for sexual trauma in an emergency room .
They had been treated there .
She followed them up some seventeen to twenty years later as adult women from hospital records and approximately one out of three possibly if you want to say the <unk> tainted one out of four had no recollection of that event .
So we do have a sense of the seriousness of trauma .
I do know that the process of uncovering memories and of looking at what happened is a very arduous and very very painful process for the people involved and it is not a single technique that's used .
As a matter of fact i think that's perhaps one of the problems in this case is that a single technique was relied upon .
How can a general approach that produces results that you have acknowledged is difficult to distinguish those that are real from those that are not how can that possibly be argued as being the basis for any kind of accusation of a formal nature or charges or indictments against any individual .
I certainly have never encouraged any of my clients to make charges or make lawsuits .
I don't know exactly how much money was involved in this or what this man's motives were or who his therapist was .
I cannot comment on that .
I don't do that and most reputable therapists do not do this .
Also i'm sorry i can't tell to whom who is speaking to me right now .
That was governor sununu .
That was john sununu .
We're going to switch to michael kinsley .
Sorry about that .
I'm now .
I should have identified myself .
O. k. .
Doctor gardner are you here to say that there's no such thing as repressed memory syndrome .
Absolutely not .
People forget .
People may repress .
What i am saying is that there are two tracks .
It's not a question of either slash or .
Sexual abuse is widespread .
Sexual abuse of children is not a fatal disease .
Many women most women who were sexually abused as children grow up .
Most remember some don't but there is a parallel track here that makes the either slash or consideration meaningless .
There is a parallel track of people who have never been abused who are being convinced by <unk> therapists that they were abused that all their problems are the result of the sexual abuse and that the best way to heal to use their term is to soothe the alleged perpetrator to destroy him to vent rage against him and that track exists .
The .
I'm not familiar with it but i believe you that you've spent some time studying this .
Yes .
But most of the people who work with childhood abuse trauma are dedicated responsible people who have no more wish to get involved in a lawsuit than the average american and are just as skeptical as the average american .
There are thousands of such lawsuits maybe tens of thousands .
There's a lot of child abuse .
I'm not the only one in the country seeing them .
It can't be they're all just coming to my office in new jersey .
But doctor <unk> .
No .
I mean doctor gardner is there a witch hunt going on .
Absolutely .
Number .
Well what about doctor <unk> study .
Do you find it implausible that one out of .
Of the women's study .
Three or four cases .
Yeah it may be true .
That wasn't my study .
That doesn't prove there's no witch hunt .
They completely forget about it twenty years later .
That doesn't prove there's no witch hunt .
You can have that study and still have a parallel witch hunt for people who were never abused who are being convinced that they are abused and who are suing their elderly fathers and grandfathers .
But surely .
I do think this cardinal .
You wouldn't say that it's completely illegitimate if there is in fact one out of three or four cases of proven child abuse the victim tends to forget about it completely and doesn't it seems to me that the repressed memory syndrome must be rather common and it would suggest that if there are thousands of cases a certain large percentage of those thousands certainly are perfectly legitimate .
Look even if ninety percent forget that doesn't preclude a parallel track of people who are being talked into believing they were abused when they weren't .
No and there's a third parallel track .
Those studies don't shed light on the phenomenon i'm talking about .
Go ahead doctor <unk> .
Doctor <unk> go ahead .
Thank you .
There's a third parallel track that the american public must not forget .
There's a third parallel track that there are people being abused hurt tortured and being told that it didn't happen encouraged to forget encouraged to never bring it up and some threatened with death .
I disagree with doctor gardner when he says child sexual abuse is not a fatal disease .
I've seen children die or disappear .
Is that true that .
Children can be killed by this and we cannot even begin to look at the number of suicides and homicides that occur because of a background of <unk> violent child abuse .
America knows that .
Do you disagree with that doctor gardner .
Let's let doctor gardner respond .
Do you disagree with that .
Are there people who are being purposely pressured into forgetting these things .
I believe that in the sex abuse situation it is common for the abuser to say to the child never tell anybody i did this to you .
I may kill you myself .
I may murder you .
I may murder the family and under those circumstances some people will repress or suppress their memories there's no question but that question of what percentage forget whether it's one third one tenth or what have you is really not the issue .
The issue is is there a parallel track of false accusations of people who are being encouraged by their therapists to profess that they were abused because they think it's an explanation for all their problems because it's an opportunity for the therapist to make money off these people who are victims of another kind .
They're victims .
They're <unk> and <unk> people and they're victims of misguided therapists .
They exist .
Doctor <unk> i'm curious about one thing in the bernardin case .
At the very least the application of the processes that you support should be done by somebody who is well educated well experienced gone through some i assume some <unk> relationships with others that know how to do it and then applied these things under relatively controlled conditions .
O. k. but on that point .
Let me ask doctor <unk> .
In the case of the accusations against bishop cardinal bernardin the press put in the public domain the fact that the practitioner had education from an <unk> institution had virtually no experience and never had any <unk> process .
Why didn't the advocates of these procedures come out and undermine the credibility of the accuser in the public domain instead of waiting for it to go this route .
Well i did not have any control over the media .
If i did there would be a lot of different things on the media but i did call someone from a clergy sexual abuse link up program when these charges came out and said i was concerned that this was a false accusation .
I was concerned about it .
I did not know the credentials of the person but credentials don't necessarily mean the person is going to get it right .
I think all of america knows .
No but a lack of credentials .
That you can have a d. after your name and it doesn't matter .
Yeah i'd like to say something on that .
Go ahead .
Wouldn't you agree that a lack of credentials means there's a high likelihood that they're getting it wrong .
Unfortunately there are people with very good credentials who are also involved in this sort of thing .
Right .
But with regard to cook i wasn't involved in that case but newsweek interviewed me on it at the time .
When this man said that his he recovered a memory under <unk> my first reaction was he's exhibiting none of the criteria of the false accusation .
The idea that memories that are recovered under <unk> are more likely to be reliable than memories that come from other in other ways is not true and when cook said i learned that such memories are not necessarily reliable he is saying something that's very important .
There are people who believe they can go to past lives under <unk> .
Some man said .
We've got to go to a break and when we do come back we'll ask whether any of the therapists involved in the false accusations ought to be financially liable themselves .
It shatters your world it shatters your soul it shatters your life .
The allegations are totally untrue .
They're totally false and i want to reaffirm what i said earlier today namely that i have never abused anyone at any time at any place .
Welcome back to crossfire .
The withdrawal of sex abuse charges against cardinal joseph bernardin has reignited the debate over techniques to retrieve so called repressed memories .
The practice has become the subject of a furious debate within the psychiatric community .
Proponents like doctor renee <unk> argue that hypnosis and visualization can be used to recall forgotten traumatic events such as child abuse .
Critics like doctor richard gardner of columbia university dispute that long suppressed memories can be perfectly recalled and warned that the recall techniques themselves can implant false memories in a patient .
Mike .
Doctor gardner you acknowledge that some of these repressed memories of things like child abuse are true some are false .
I agree .
How do you separate the true ones from the false ones or do you agree with john that because some are false we should just disregard all of them .
No there are criteria that i have developed over the last decade to help differentiate between true and false accusations in this particular category .
One can look at the model of the known trauma of a vietnam veteran for example .
He doesn't have a period of five eight ten years when he has no memory of it and then suddenly under therapy he remembers it .
He doesn't have to go into therapy to remember it .
So a false .
That's not true .
I have a vietnam veteran i cannot imagine who has been in combat and hasn't been hasn't suffered injury to the brain i don't see any i don't know of any reports .
So what's your point doctor gardner .
Is the point that anyone who says .
That's not true .
I suddenly remember something that happened many years ago is imagining it or making it up .
No i'm saying the memory free hiatus from let's say the time of the trauma a girl says she was abused from age eight to eighteen then she left the home and then from eighteen to thirty two she remembered nothing and at thirty two she went into therapy and it helped her recall the memories .
That is more likely a false accusation .
Another criterion of the false is a memory that dates back to the age of six months or a year .
The best studies demonstrate well that you can't remember that far back .
That's not true .
Three year olds don't sit around talking about the good old days when they were one and two .
The mind does not remember .
That's not true .
Let's ask doctor <unk> .
Two examples he says you can't remember anything that happened under the age of two and if you claim it happened for years and then you forgot about it for years and then you suddenly remember it that's false too .
Do you deny that .
With nothing in between with no <unk> .
No memory in between .
That doesn't happen with the vast majority of people .
All right let doctor <unk> reply .
Is he right about that .
Well there was a marvelous life magazine article on at three months babies remember far more than we thought they did .
There's some very excellent research going on about infant memory and infant trauma memory is something that really has not been scientifically studied .
Clinically we have seen instances where babies seem to remember toddlers who could tell us things could seem to remember things that happened in the past .
That's a very pioneering area and we don't know very much about it yet .
The second things that's not true is that people can go through something and not remember it and therefore it must be false because my first two survivors with suppressed trauma memories were first of all a holocaust survivor and second of all a prisoner of war .
The holocaust survivors needed <unk> to remember they were in the holocaust .
I don't believe it .
Doctor gardner i don't use <unk> very often .
Or any kind they needed therapy .
And in my book i do suggest that it be very cautiously used .
Or needed therapy to remember they were in a concentration camp .
I would like to see such a person who needed therapy to remember they were in a concentration camp .
That's absurd that's absurd .
Well i'm sorry doctor gardner .
I'm glad they didn't come to see you then because i know i didn't believe them either but they did have the tattoos .
Perhaps it was <unk> .
What did they remember .
They did have no memory of being in a concentration camp .
Well i don't want to discuss that person's specific case but we certainly have another client who has a letter from a doctor saying she had venereal disease at twelve who has no memory .
We have .
Oh that's one isolated event .
That kind of thing .
People who have been .
Doctor <unk> let's talk a little bit about the difference .
Let's not throw the baby out with the bath water .
Let's talk a little bit about the difference in obligation and responsibility of certainty .
Yes .
When you are developing this process for people who you are merely treating with therapy and then taking this process to the accusation point because that's where it becomes very controversial .
Yes yes .
You would agree that there's a significant difference in responsibility in taking something to the accusation stage .
Absolutely .
Is there a set of guidelines you would apply to make that transition .
There are a set of guidelines .
Mine and other <unk> who work with trauma might differ from doctor <unk> guidelines but we certainly do have them and we certainly do need to articulate them and get that training out there .
If such a therapist violated those guidelines and encouraged a patient to go to the accusation stage shouldn't that therapist be professional liable and therefore financially liable for the slander if it is proved that those accusations are false .
I would imagine that i don't know the law very well .
I would hope that malpractice would cover that .
I don't think it's ever in the therapeutic role to encourage someone to go public or make those kinds of decisions .
I mean simply to even be in that arena would be .
In the bernardin case .
Let's remember that blaming the therapist is really popular right now .
I'd like to say that the <unk> that i've made who have been supposedly pushed by their therapists a whole lot of them had some of their own issues in coming forward .
People that i've worked with who have wanted to come forward have not wanted to hear my feedback which is that should be avoided for several years till you know what's going on .
Now you .
Doctor <unk> is not typical .
There are many people thousands probably who are being encouraged by their therapists to sue the alleged perpetrator .
Probably .
Such therapists do not invite in the alleged perpetrator to get his or her position on it .
They'll take the position .
So let me ask you .
There's no point in asking them .
Well that's too bad if that's .
Doctor gardner is there absolutely no circumstance in your view as a psychiatrist where it would be useful .
Their case is it can be a useful part of your therapy to work out these problems if they really happened to sue the perpetrator .
I cannot imagine it .
Now is that completely invalid in your view .
If the perpetrator did it the goal is to try to see if there's any relationship to be <unk> .
What is going to be gained by suing depriving this man of his pension of his estate what have you to try to wreak vengeance on him for something that happened x. number of years ago is not in my mind therapeutic .
Perhaps there's a rare situation .
Not for the offender certainly .
It's not therapeutic to anybody .
I don't know i .
To sue someone thirty years later .
Doctor <unk> let me go back to the seven thousand families that have banded together .
Some you might argue don't fall in the category of false accusation but at least they feel it is .
I started asking you a question about percentages at the beginning .
Do you feel that virtually all of these are not people who have been accused falsely .
I don't know .
I have seen about twenty five or thirty of those people now .
They're now up to ten thousand by the way the figure is an old one families and each family consists of many people .
All i have seen directly serve as far as i can concern are false accusations by the criteria that i've developed over the last ten years .
I don't .
But doctor gardner .
Deny there may be somebody who .
I've got to cut .
Some who are using the organization for that purpose of cover .
I've got to cut you both off .
Thank you both doctors doctor gardner doctor <unk> .
Thank you .
I'll put doctor sununu on the couch here in just a moment .
It's all coming back to me now .
You're john sununu and many years ago you well i'll tell you later .
Yeah mike it's all coming back to you .
On a serious note i think it's a shame that an unreliable technique like this one that is still being debated within the profession can be used to create the reality of an indictment and accusations against people in the as was done with cardinal bernardin .
There's got to be a better filter .
I basically agree but there are some real accusations too .
What do you think of roseanne barr .
She says she suddenly remembered that both her parents abused her .
That might explain a lot don't you think .
In roseanne's case i thought she might have said all three or four of her parents might have abused her .
From the left i'm mike kinsley .
Good line .
Good night for crossfire .
And from the right i'm john sununu .
Join us again tomorrow night for another edition of crossfire .
Primenews is next and bernard shaw is here to tell us what's coming up .
Bernie .
Thank you michael .
Ahead on primenews a look at this day's top stories and it is believed to be a landmark verdict .
We will tell you about a conviction for attempted first degree murder with an unusual twist .
And a key witness takes the stand in the trial of a man accused of killing an abortion doctor .
And at the half hour a c. n. n. special inside the c. i. a. a case of <unk> that's at eight thirty p. m. .
Eastern .
