Make more room for potential presidential candidate ross perot .
His supporters have presented a <unk> of petitions to secure him a spot on the texas ballot .
On those petitions some two hundred twenty five thousand signatures that's four times the number needed .
More from c. n. n.'s mike capps .
Perot followers turned an austin park into a mini convention site .
Bus loads of enthusiastic volunteers arrived from dallas .
Volunteers displayed all the trappings of a developing political campaign .
Perot's name already is on the ballot in tennessee and utah .
A place on the ballot in his home state is critical .
I think it shows what the volunteers can do and the willpower of the people to get behind ross perot .
Since late february those volunteers obtained two hundred twenty five thousand signatures from texas voters .
A texas size step toward a spot on the ballot more than four times the number of signatures needed signatures coming from many voters upset with the current u. s. political climate .
We need a change and i think the country definitely needs a change .
We need a representative for us that's going to help us get our desires and needs met .
Ross perot from all i can gather is an honest man and i believe we'd have an honest government .
The celebration continued as volunteers loaded petitions onto texas size flatbed trailers .
Perot's <unk> paraded through austin streets toward the state capitol .
On the capitol steps they presented the petitions to the texas secretary of state for validation .
If you're going to quit quit today .
No .
Okay .
Perot has said he'll make fewer personal appearances over the next few weeks concentrating on developing policy positions .
But here he made an exception .
Because of very special people like you we can build a nation that the rest of the world looks up to that will be a source of strength and kindness not only here but all over the world .
Within two to four weeks signatures should be validated and perot's name placed on the texas ballots .
His staff calls this a victory one giving ross perot momentum as he tries to get on the ballot in forty seven other states .
Mike capps c. n. n. austin texas .
The weed and seed approach to urban issues still ahead on inside politics ninety two george bush goes to philadelphia to highlight his new interest in curing big city blues .
And later informing the u. s. electorate we'll talk with the head of project vote smart .
