Good evening .
From national public radio in washington i'm jacki lyden with all things considered .
North korea <unk> that one of the downed u. s. army servicemen is dead .
President carter arrives on a peace mission in sarajevo .
And one witness to history historian arthur <unk> <unk> whether the new deal created by f. d. r. is dead in an era of less government .
Also the verbal <unk> of dutch sound poet <unk> <unk> .
Sound poetry is poetry not made of words in any existing language but in words or sounds or voice sounds that the poet makes up .
He'll perform some of it tonight for us .
First we have this roundup of the day's news .
It's all things considered .
Daniel <unk> away .
I'm jacki lyden .
The white house today says that one of the u. s. pilots aboard the downed army helicopter in north korea is dead .
The second pilot is said to be alive .
The incident comes at a sensitive time in u. s. north korea relations .
Npr's melinda <unk> has more .
The white house released a statement early this afternoon saying north korea's government confirmed that chief warrant officer david hilemon of <unk> tennessee had died .
There was no information offered on how the u. s. army helicopter pilot had been killed or when .
Fellow pilot and chief warrant officer bobby hall of brooksville florida is described as alive and reportedly uninjured .
The white house statements spoke of the downing of the helicopter but did not provide details on whether it had been shot down .
The white house called the loss of life tragic and unnecessary and said working to bring home the survivor and <unk> remains was now the primary concern .
History professor james <unk> at new mexico state university does not think this incident will greatly affect relations between the u. s. and north korea .
If this incident had occurred a year ago i think i would have been concerned about it .
A year ago of course the prospects of serious negotiations were seemed much more distant .
With the death of kim il sung this summer however my reading of the north korean current policy towards its relations with the united states is that they see diplomatic political and perhaps long term economic advantage in continuing negotiations with the united states and i can't see that they can see any benefit in using this particular incident to delay that particular process .
Indeed the information the white house received today on the fate of the two pilots came from congressman bill richardson .
The new mexico democrat happened to be in pyongyang to discuss the treaty signed in october between the u. s. and north korea which calls for north korea to take apart its nuclear program .
That arrangement would have the u. s. help the north koreans build reactors that don't make the ingredients necessary for nuclear weapons .
On n. b. c.'s meet the press earlier today new mexico republican senator pete domenici suggested raising that issue in a bid to get back the crew of the chopper .
I believe the north koreans sooner rather than later have to join the world and i think that we have to push them very hard .
If it is as we say then obviously they have no real excuse for holding them and we ought to do everything within our power to make sure they understand that including some serious suggestions about whether we're going to put a lot of billions of dollars in for nuclear reactor safety .
New mexico state professor james <unk> disagrees with using that as a bargaining chip on what he calls the world's most dangerous hot spot .
Well i think that those two issues should be maintained entirely separate from one another .
This particular issue of ongoing relations between the united states and north korea to try and open up north korea to inspections regarding nuclear facilities is far more important than the particular incident that recently took place and that of course isn't to diminish the importance of the lives of those two american citizens but certainly those two issues shouldn't be confused with one another .
I think it would be a bad diplomatic maneuver on the united states' part .
A spokesman for the u. s. military in seoul says u. s. helicopters do fly near the demilitarized zone between north and south korea .
It is possible he says that a navigational error led the chopper to enter the north korean air space .
A heavy snow may have made landmarks difficult to make out .
