Boris yeltsin still <unk> memories of his standing on a russian army tank defying the <unk> of a foiled coup <unk> .
But he is also remembered as the russian president who assaulted his country's parliament and barred newspapers from publishing .
Now some assessments of boris yeltsin from three people who have studied him closely .
British journalist jonathan steele writes in a book called eternal russia that yeltsin does not provide the leadership that russia needs .
Steele <unk> yeltsin's attack on the parliament last year to him it was a case not of resistance to <unk> but of yeltsin's own inability to compromise .
He's temperamentally and <unk> and politically not a man of dialogue .
He was after all part of the old communist apparatus .
He was a regional party chief which was a job where you tended to give orders you received orders from moscow then you gave orders to people down the line almost like a military structure .
You didn't really have to wheel and deal with people on your on level who had power bases in their own right .
So his philosophy seemed to be to destroy the power base of people he disagreed with rather than to try and accept that it was a permanent feature of the new russia to have a strong parliament as well as a strong president and to do the normal deals that a democratically elected president has to do .
Even yeltsin's admirers admit that he <unk> in an authoritarian fashion but leon <unk> who's working on a biography of the russian president thinks it the strong hand of a nation builder a russian charles de gaulle building a rigid framework for a flexible democracy still to come .
It's the end process that will tell us whether this is indeed a stabilization accomplished with very strong injection of executive power from above which will eventually once the society <unk> will remove itself gradually from the affairs of the state or whether the process given the russian inertia will continue and yeltsin will indeed try to become an authoritarian dictator .
My personal feeling it seems to me that if there anything he treasures about his public persona it's that he's a democrat .
Others find less to treasure about boris yeltsin's public persona .
Another newly published appraisal of yeltsin and russian economic reforms is lost opportunity why economic reforms in russia have not worked .
It's by marshall goldman .
He's a <unk> figure .
When he's on there's probably not a better politician in russia and is some cases many parts of the outside world .
But when he's off he goes into a funk .
He has alcohol problems he acknowledges those .
One of the most remarkable things is to read his autobiography it's in the second edition and he talks about his physical problems he talks about his mental problems .
I don't ever remember reading about a sitting president or prime minister of any country who talks about how difficult these things are for him and alludes to the fact that you know he's had close to a mental breakdown .
And when that happens it's terrible .
He was just in germany just a few weeks ago and was shown drunk on television .
That's not good for him it's not good for his country it's not good for his people .
And the doubts aren't just about personal decorum .
Author jonathan steele found a most telling example of what's wrong with yeltsin's leadership in one of the most bizarre episodes of his presidency the currency recall of nineteen ninety three .
Well that was a weird thing .
It just happened on a saturday morning .
Yeltsin was out of town at his dacha or mansion and it was announced that everybody had to turn in their money by sunday night and it would not be worth anything after that except those notes that had been printed in nineteen ninety three .
This was in july nineteen ninety three so there were obviously an awful lot of notes the vast majority that had been printed before that .
It caused absolute panic .
But one of the things that was really interesting about it it was not just something that took the public by surprise but it took many of the key ministers by surprise .
The minister of finance boris <unk> was actually in washington when this decision was taken on the friday night by the cabinet .
And his civil servants as it were and his colleagues in the other ministries who were also reformers like him never picked a phone to washington to tell <unk> that this incredible thing is happening .
And i think this shows really the very <unk> of the whole russian system .
You've just got really a very small group of people without a proper civil service without any real backup without any institutional tradition of consulting and contacting each other .
And so these things are just completely arbitrary .
As for the success of economic reform under yeltsin jonathan steele <unk> there's been a lot more shock than therapy .
So does marshall goldman .
Industrial production he says has declined by half in just the past couple of years .
There is no doubt that there has been what many russians are now describing as the <unk> of the country .
That has been accomplished in part by lowering the rate of inflation .
In nineteen ninety two the rate of inflation was twenty four fold two thousand four hundred times prices rose .
Now inflation on a monthly basis is down below five percent .
So that's an accomplishment .
But it's been accomplished in part by destroying some of the industry and also a lot of disguised unemployment and officially now it's maybe four percent .
But unofficially using u. n. statistics it comes close to twelve percent which may mean that there are ten million unemployed .
Some people say fifteen .
So it's a very mixed package .
Some improvement but clearly a radical kind of change not all of it for the best .
But to sum up what you've just said if inflation is running at about fifty percent a year or more and if real unemployment is about twelve percent and if the g. d. p. the gross domestic product of russia has declined industrial production has declined by half over the past year and a half we would recognize that as being in a great depression if we were experiencing this right now .
We certainly would and that's why there is i think concern about yeltsin's political stability and the stability of the country .
Both goldman and jonathan steele in their new books on russia conclude that yeltsin has come up against obstacles more enduring than communist party rule cultural and historical factors that make russia <unk> to market economics and democracy .
Leon <unk> who takes a far more upbeat view of yeltsin in general is also more positive about the economic progress he's made .
First let's see where he started in august of nineteen ninety one .
You remember after the anti communist revolution august nineteen ninety one the predictions were that russia would be visited by <unk> of biblical proportions starvation civil war total disruption of any and some said that they would be thrown back to <unk> where people will just be going natural barter exchange .
Nothing of that sort happened .
Credit yeltsin .
There's really nobody else to credit .
I mean the country's viable economically .
Nobody's starving .
But there is a plague in yeltsin's russia that everyone remarks on .
Corruption is rife extortion bribe taking the looting of previously public assets .
Here's jonathan steele .
The degree of <unk> and corruption now is so excessive that it's very hard to find one honest man or woman there .
And i think in any system once the balance tips so far in one direction it's very hard to get it back again .
If there was ten percent let's say of corruption and ninety percent was honest business gradually growing up then the ten percent might eliminate down to one percent .
You think that's an understatement of .
I think i think now you know it's more like ninety percent is corrupt .
And i think even more than that it's the lack of investment .
There's very high <unk> consumption by these new millionaire they're buying their mercedes cars and their b. m. w.'s and so they're putting a lot of money abroad in foreign banks buying <unk> and property all over the world .
They're not actually investing productively in a new capitalist economy in russia .
And i think that's the problem .
Crime and corruption as it turns out are absolutely endemic to post communist societies .
This is leon <unk> explanation of russia's era of good <unk> .
I think that has something to do with the sort of <unk> whale of the state economy that's sort of lying there rotting and the <unk> are there picking at it .
And i hope that once they're <unk> they'll retire to florida or california which is where they're buying houses at this point and just leave the economy alone .
But marshall goldman whose specialty is the russian economy finds russian corruption and organized crime to be fundamentally different from what's happened in other formerly communist countries .
For me one of the fascinating things is that if you look at poland hungary or china countries which have also been communist and are in the process of transition they don't have <unk> .
So you have to ask yourself why .
Why is it so strong in russia so pervasive as it were and not in those other areas .
And i think it's partly due to the fact that in the case of poland when they began their reforms they had many private institutions eighty percent of the farms had never been <unk> and there was a private sector already .
And when the reforms began they allowed anyone who wanted to to go up and open up business and so you had enormous competition .
And you had so many people out there you couldn't get a group of <unk> together to coerce them there was just too much activity and it just didn't make sense .
The same thing holds in china .
In russia this goes back to gorbachev when they began in nineteen eighty seven to allow private activity they allowed very few .
And those few who did made enormous profits and they then became natural targets and the <unk> kind of just <unk> finding it the main growth industry and so ultimately they now control all these thing .
And they have a better tax system than the state they have a better enforcement mechanism than the state they buy out many of the officials in the state .
And the fact that russia also had this very large inflation in the early stages meant that you basically destroyed the civil service and made the police vulnerable to bribes and government officials to corruption .
One of the most conclusions about yeltsin the russians and the state of reform comes from jonathan steele in his new book .
Steele covered moscow for the british newspaper the guardian during both the brezhnev years and later in the gorbachev slash yeltsin era .
He is struck by yeltsin's shortcomings and equally by the way the russian people respond to him for example <unk> without complaint in such high handed nonsense of the recall of all the old ruble notes .
It shows a kind of <unk> and an apathy and a hopelessness if you like which is not very good if you're trying to construct a participatory democracy .
But it's obviously better that they should be passive than that they should rioting or tearing things down or going on the rampage or even going on massive strikes .
So i think in that sense yeltsin has been lucky that he's got a population which does seem to be very patient .
But my fear about russia is not that there's going to be some military dictatorship or zhirinovsky or somebody like that .
I think it's more than that there'll be anarchy in the sense that the country is becoming increasingly ungovernable so that it doesn't really matter what parliament does or what yeltsin does or whether they live in harmony or struggle out like they did a year or so ago .
The economic controls and political controls are just not there .
Jonathan <unk> new book is called eternal russia yeltsin gorbachev and the mirage of democracy .
