We continue our focus on the whitewater controversy now .
In a moment an interview with white house communications director mark gearan but first an excerpt from a news conference held earlier today by two prominent republican senators bob dole and alphonse d'amato who among other things called for senate banking committee hearings looking into what they say were inappropriate <unk> between officials of the resolution trust corporation and the white house about an investigation that may have touched on president and slash or mrs. clinton .
Let's take a look at part of that news conference .
We'd just like to hold up a few of the clippings on today's story .
We've only got the local papers whitewater cover up full white house status couple denies rose firm first lady's role larger than <unk> just a few of the stories that are appearing now on treasury whitewater bad judgment so called independent agency called the r. t. c. and we're at a lost to know how to get to the facts because the democrat congress is apparently going to participate in the cover up and not try to get to the facts .
And we read at least in the house side if we can believe mr. safire that the word's already been sent out no hearings under any circumstances .
And so in an effort to at least to get the democrat leadership to focus on this in the senate senator d'amato this morning released a letter signed by forty three republicans that we will not proceed on the nomination of the f. d. i. c. chairman until we have answers to certain questions that were initially raised by senator d'amato and republican members of the banking committee .
And again i would just state had this been ronald reagan as i said on the floor the other day in a sort of fictitious setting and something would have happened and you had the treasury consulting with white house political people or the attorney general's office consulting with white house political people there'd have been fifteen hearings going on the press would be demanding everybody's scalp but we don't hear a lot from the media .
We don't hear anything from the democratic leadership as far as hearings are concerned .
Senator d'amato's made some headway and i think i i congratulate him for that .
I think our bottom line is if you were an individual trying to get a little meeting with the r. t. c. any of you or us and you want to have a little meeting with the r. t. c. officials to sort of get a heads up you wouldn't get it .
There's no doubt people got preferred treatment here .
And maybe that's the way it works in this white house .
It goes way back to travelgate when they called the f. b. i. down and they said oh they just helped us with a press <unk> and the day mack mclarty says we're not going to do it <unk> and then altman gave the answer to senator d'amato he said well i'll recuse <unk> now now that you've found out out i'll recuse myself .
Now i don't believe that's the way it's supposed to work .
But i'd ask senator d'amato to i know you raised the question this morning maybe can you elaborate .
Well thank you mr. leader .
Let me say that today i think was probably the most shocking .
Given mr. altman's testimony that there was only one meeting and it was only a heads up then it takes us a little time to digest exactly who was there .
I have to say that that meeting we gotta say why was maggie williams there .
What was she doing there .
This is the same maggie williams who with bernard nussbaum went through the whitewater papers after mr. foster's death .
How is it that we find out in the manner in which we did and really through the media that we find out and it's confirmed by mr. altman that there were two other meetings prior .
Is it believable that the general counsel had these two meetings that mr. altman's assistant then assistant now assistant secretary of banking went to both of those meetings .
Both of those meetings concern criminal referrals .
How is it the white house counsel would permit that .
