Coming up on all things considered an editor of the russian newspaper pravda says boris yeltsin's decision to ban the paper is purely <unk> .
Some students and parents in bethlehem pennsylvania say mandatory community service is nothing but slavery in disguise and paul simon with and without <unk> .
Stay tuned .
Residents of moscow will have to live under a state of emergency for at least one more week .
That word today from russian president boris yeltsin .
It has been six days since yeltsin put down an armed insurrection against his government and among the measures he took to consolidate his rule was the shut down of a handful of anti yeltsin newspapers .
Among them is pravda the pro communist newspaper .
Viktor <unk> is <unk> deputy editor in chief .
It's a purely i think <unk> measure .
We're witnessing at the moment you know so many violations of the constitution brought by yeltsin and his government that banning pravda or i should say suspending it for a while is looks like a very minor thing .
There are about thirteen hundred arrested people still in custody that is after the siege of the white house .
There are several hundred dead as we know and there is many many hundreds wounded .
If your newspaper were being published right now what would you be writing .
You know we the west is applauding democracy in russia but what we have today is we have censorship <unk> of the old communist days .
We have actually basically a communist dictatorship of brezhnev stripe in which we have no parliament where we have no opposition no opposition press and so on .
So in these circumstances what would you expect pravda to write .
It'll be a very very dreary existence i should say for a newspaper .
That is purporting to write truth about events .
Well what happens to the opposition voice in russia now .
Will it go underground .
This is where you know yeltsin forces is pushing it to go because of course they're banning all the official opposition .
They want to have a so called toy opposition or a pocket opposition i should say one that can do no harm to them at all .
But the rest of the opposition is banned effectively .
It cannot take part in the political process .
It cannot take part in the elections .
This is the effect what you know yeltsin's ban effectively does and in this light you know of course <unk> role is on the one hand is very important .
On the other hand it's very dangerous because it'll be very difficult to go through the censorship the yeltsin regime imposed .
The elections are in december .
Do you expect that pravda will be publishing sometime before those elections so that in fact the opposition may have a voice when those elections are held .
Yes .
I think of course i'm pretty sure that probably pravda will be published before elections .
Actually we expect to publish as soon probably as you know within a week or maybe two weeks .
But the problem is that with the total monopoly of the government of the yeltsin government on television with the total monopoly almost total monopoly i should say on the writing media whatever channel that pravda provides for the opposition would be a very limited one .
And given the disarray that the opposition or whatever the center in the country are in after the events the tragedy of the white house i think it'll be it looks like a travesty of election basically .
This is not the first time that pravda has been banned though in recent years is it .
This is the third time you know since august of ninety one that we've been stopped .
And who issued the order the first time .
I think actually ironically this is you know one of the ironies of our time .
Ironically the first time the list for suspension was made up by khasbulatov and i was very please that pravda was on that list .
That is the khasbulatov who is now incarcerated by yeltsin his erstwhile supporter and of course one of the erstwhile democrats of the ninety one coup .
Viktor <unk> is <unk> deputy editor in chief .
