People that are familiar with the program know and people that are familiar with machinery know that things sometimes got wrong that things don't always operate the way that they are intended to or are planned do and that sometimes things can go wrong .
It's a bit perplexing to some people that the target was southeast of baghdad the plant that was indeed hit by the other cruise missiles this cruise missile would have been coming from the south from the persian gulf .
Why would it go into downtown baghdad in other words go up into the center of the city where all that antiaircraft capability is .
That's probably a question for the planners .
It's not clear to me if that deed was the intended track of the missile at that time .
It very well could have been .
These missiles require if you will some landmarks every now and then to adjust their flight path and the person that was planning the attack could have had that missile going in that direction for very specific reasons .
On the other hand there could have been a problem with the guidance of the weapon early on in the flight and it could have strayed into that area .
I don't know if it's something that anyone will ever be able to find out .
It's possible then that the program for the cruise missile would have said go to downtown baghdad and turn right then go to this other place this plant .
That's correct .
Why would they then go to the center of downtown baghdad where all the antiaircraft fire is and the al rashid hotel .
I can't necessarily speak for that but you could also believe that perhaps if that's where the antiaircraft batteries were centered that perhaps a missile was directed in that area just to spoof the antiaircraft batteries so that they weren't concentrating on the great majority of missiles that were coming in from the other sector .
What about the it was quite a crater there in the courtyard of the al rashid and quite an explosion .
It is said the cruise missile did not detonate though .
Does that make sense from what you know .
My belief is that these missiles generally do not detonate if they are off their target .
That's my understanding of the way that they work so if it's not at its intended target it generally does not explode .
The impact there at the al rashid was quite a bit the <unk> fuel and just the impact of the collision what would have it been like had the missile exploded in full force .
Not being a munitions expert i do not know .
Be quite a lot though .
I would imagine so a thousand pound warhead .
Just to bring a human perspective to it if you were in the al rashid hotel on sunday attending an islamic conference for example one was going on there you would be very suspicious that a cruise missile aimed at this plant southeast of baghdad has indeed come down in the courtyard of your hotel .
I might be if i were an <unk> at a function like you were speaking about but as an engineer and as someone on this magazine i would not be as suspicious i suppose as the man in the street .
I think that the travel of the missile off of its course if indeed it was off its course is distinctly possible and that that margin of error is not out of hand .
So no suspicion really on your part that the al rashid could have been targeted in some way .
I would doubt it .
I would truly doubt it but again it is a possibility .
It's not something that can be totally ruled out .
