This is weekend edition .
I'm scott simon .
Congress had a chance to do a lot of other things which it should have done but it didn't do .
It should have passed significant environmental legislation much of which has the support of both american people and industry and environment groups .
It should have passed health care reform instead of watching another million americans lose their coverage as the new data points out happened just last year while costs increase faster than inflation and more citizens lose the right to choose their doctor .
And certainly should have passed political reform .
President clinton evaluating the one hundred third congress at a white house news conference yesterday .
Joining us now from the studios of member station <unk> in philadelphia to evaluate all the week's news is our own daniel schorr .
Dan good morning .
Good morning scott .
Dan before we pitch into this did you see the larry king slash marlon brando interview last night .
Afraid not .
Well it ended with larry king and marlon brando singing blue moon or something like that and then two of them kissing each other full on the lips and all i could think of is we got a hard act to follow this morning .
Especially with me in philadelphia .
So much the loss .
Listen let me get if we could of course begin with the president's remarks .
He said this congress had some early achievements but finished with a record that he thought certainly left very little source of pride .
Perhaps <unk> he blamed the republicans .
From the half century you've spent observing politics and congress how good or bad was the performance of this congress .
Well in the forty years that i've seen congress certainly this is most dismal <unk> of a congress i've ever seen <unk> in a flurry of <unk> a kind of a proud assertion of do nothing as a way of life .
One resolution they spend a day on telling president clinton to get out of haiti in a prompt and orderly fashion as though he might be planning to get out in a <unk> fashion and stay forever and then not even being able to attack the g. a. t. t. agreement which had a lot of bipartisan support .
So they'll have to come back for a lame duck session which means that some of the people who will be voting on it are people who have already been rejected by their constituents .
I guess blaming the other party of course is not an unexpected turn but it's interesting to me that many leading republicans have been i mean i'm almost as proud of their ability to block something on the front line of the dallas cowboys .
And now of course they say that has been a bad legislative agenda and the president of course is now responding o. k. we'll take it to the people next month .
Well that's right .
And i'll tell you somebody has miscalculated very badly .
Either the republicans who believe that a do nothing congress is what people want or the president who's now ready go out and make an issue of it .
If nothing else the president has now defined the issue and he's helped to nationalize a midterm non national election .
He has restated the goals about jobs and investment in education which in effect is asking americans whether do nothing is what they really want .
This is a bold thing the president's doing .
He's very unpopular and he's coming and saying i know i'm unpopular and i know democratic candidates are <unk> away from me and yet saying i'm going to make this election about me and about my program and just go ahead and make my day .
Well will america take to this give them 'em harry clinton .
We'll see .
What do you make of the fact that two years ago it seemed fair to conclude that the american the american voting public was saying we want change and now there seems to be at least a substantial portion of the american public that is skeptical of change .
Well has the mood changed or just the way we read a change .
Well change was the big motif of the clinton nineteen ninety two campaign .
And now the question is if he was an agent of change do they want change .
Maybe they said we don't want to change policies .
We just want to change a lot of faces and get rid of all of those with known records and bring on those who have a virtue of having no track records of all .
If that is true it tends to favor the empty suits especially the empty suits with deep pockets .
Let me ask the name colin powell of course is newly prominent in figuring in the future politics of this country .
He is certainly no empty suit doesn't even have deep pockets .
On the other hand he has no discernible record .
We read an article yesterday or i guess on thursday in the international herald tribune where he appeared at the frankfurt book fair and seemed to say for the first time explicitly that he would be available for political service .
He says i do want to return to some kind of service to my country .
Well that was a very interesting article that steve <unk> found in the herald tribune and indeed it certainly takes general powell a lot further than he's yet gone anywhere that we've seen in the papers back in this country .
There he was at a dinner of all places at the frankfurt germany book fair and he's quoted there as saying that future service might be political and he might accept a nomination and that he's beginning to get used to the feeling of being electable how about that and that he hasn't yet developed a political philosophy because he hasn't needed one so far .
And that of course is interesting .
And then he that's about as far as he's gone to say that he's available as a republican as a democrat as an independent or what .
I'll tell you with the general alienation of americans about are established parties the field was now never more fertile for an independent .
And it seems since american seems to be turned off on all known political philosophies there may be just an advantage in having an eisenhower type who says he doesn't have any political philosophy or at least not yet .
Dan let me ask you about the latest figures on the economy that came out which continue to show that despite economic growth there is increasing poverty in this country .
Of course president clinton alluded to that problem yesterday and the <unk> of those two figures .
Well you know it's the great paradox of america .
Employment goes up and poverty goes up to thirty nine point three million americans .
And by the way poverty how's it defined .
To be poor you have to have under fifteen thousand dollars a year for a family of four .
So poor is really poor .
Well president clinton says you know they're more low paying jobs not enough high paid jobs not enough education training for better paid skills .
He says it's a twenty year trend aggravated during the reagan and bush years .
But now a budget wary administration and a do nothing congress and what .
The trend is there and not much is happening to reverse that trend .
The news from iraq this morning is that whatever advance of tank columns may or may not have been occurring towards the border with kuwait has apparently stopped .
But what do you make of the fact that just as the u. n. is contemplating lifting sanctions there apparently has been this movement towards the border of a couple of iraqi tank divisions .
Well maybe it's a kind of bluff to try to force them to lift the sanctions .
We don't know yet .
Some famous last words when it comes to saddam hussein is he wouldn't dare attack right .
So maybe it's a bluff .
It maybe not and i'd be the last one to try to predict maybe he thinks once again as he once told ambassador april <unk> that americans prize their lives too highly to risk them in a war .
He learned that wasn't true then .
Is he willing to try it again .
Does he look at somalia and bosnia and the congressional pressure to get out of haiti and say o. k. now maybe i can try .
Is he ready for another miscalculation .
We'll soon know .
Events in haiti this week the newly restored haitian parliament has approved an amnesty plan but one that pointedly wouldn't necessarily apply to people who've led the government for the past couple of years and authorized or been responsible for human rights crimes .
Is this going to is this going to make just all the more attractive and urgent for general cedras to leave .
Well one would think so .
This amnesty is carefully defined as being limited to political acts and that means supporting the coup that unseated president aristide and not crimes against human rights which would include all of the rapes and killings and tortures that went on .
And that means that if general cedras and his people stay in haiti past a week from now they are in peril of arrest and trial .
This isn't quite what president carter promised these people when he called them men of honor but i think we're now nearing the crunch week in haiti .
And a story that burst towards the end of the week was that apparently the man who led a group of thugs that among other things deterred u. s. and canadian engineers from landing on the docks of port au prince a couple of years ago turns out to be have been a paid c. i. a. informant .
Yeah the c. i. a. needs right now one more scandal .
That's really what they need right now .
This is they way the c. i. a. over the years has acted .
It loves to work with generals and not with those kind of people who are out there like liberation priests and all of that .
It's noriega all over again .
Noriega worked for the c. i. a. .
Noriega became an enemy of the united states and ended up in jail .
And so why not haiti as well .
And does this finally raise the question as to if there's going to be a great distance between what the u. s. has brokered there by way of a formal agreement and then how events are going to finally break .
That's right .
I mean the way events are now going to break is now we now have all our eggs in one basket and that basket is aristide .
O. k. .
Thank you very much .
