News analyst daniel schorr says the president's decision to fire william sessions while it may have been unavoidable raises questions about how to maintain the f. b. i. <unk> as a non political appointment .
Both gays in the military and the stubborn f. b. i. director posed choices painful for a president who <unk> from confrontation but months of vacillation had only made both confrontations worse and in the end the president took both bulls by the horns as though wanting to clear aside secondary matters and get down to hammering out a budget agreement with congress .
In both cases the president rested his decision on the need to maintain morale and unit cohesion .
In the case of sessions more important than the contested allegations of misuse of perks and privileges was the claim that he had lost the confidence of the bureau and so when he refused to walk the plank gracefully the president shoved him overboard but for that there is a price to pay .
For years efforts have been made to de <unk> sensitive agencies like the c. i. a. and f. b. i. by making their chiefs not automatically replaceable by new presidents .
It is not commonly known for example that in nineteen seventy six c. i. a. director george bush appealed to president elect jimmy carter to stay on in the interest of non partisanship and intelligence .
Mr. carter chose to replace him and c. i. a. directors continued to be subject to the <unk> of political change but in the same year congress addressed a <unk> problem of abuses in the f. b. i. .
J. edgar hoover had served for forty eight years through six presidents holding over them the threat of his secret files .
After he died in nineteen seventy two and after nixon nominee l. patrick gray had founded on watergate in nineteen seventy three congress voted in nineteen seventy six to establish one ten year fixed term for f. b. i. director .
This was for the double purpose of avoiding a hoover dominating the white house and a gray too subservient to the white house .
The president can still fire the f. b. i. director but the rule makes it harder to do .
Firing sessions may have been the only way of getting rid of him but it breached the ten year rule a troublesome precedent .
Attorney general reno made clear that it troubled her to do it .
After the excesses of the hoover era and after the recent manipulation of the f. b. i. in the white house travel office episode the assurance of non political control of this powerful agency was never more important .
The firing of sessions however unavoidable does not advance that purpose .
