The torch passes to bill clinton and a new generation tonight's top story on washington week in review .
Now here's moderator paul duke .
Good evening .
The big inauguration party is over and bill clinton lives in the white house .
The new president is promising dramatic change and asking americans to tighten their belts to assure a brighter future for all but this promise of a new day has already run into some stormy weather on capitol hill forcing the withdrawal of one of mr. clinton's key nominations that of connecticut lawyer zoe baird to be attorney general .
But by and large the week has been one long festival of renewal with americans pouring into the capital to join in the celebration .
Here now to look at this first week that was charles mcdowell of the richmond times dispatch gloria borger of u. s. news and world report jack nelson of the los angeles times and howard fineman of newsweek .
A new president for a new age howard .
That's right paul .
Before we plunge back into the routine of zoe baird and american planes firing more missiles at iraqi installations i think we ought to pause and remember what was really significant about this week which is the tremendous sense of social and generational change that you saw and felt here in washington .
I was sitting right below clinton when he gave his inaugural address and i think among the most memorable things that he said was that it's our time let us embrace it. and he also said that by the words we speak and the faces we show we force the spring .
In other words that sense of renewal comes as much from the pageantry as from the words .
And on that inauguration day i just wanted to mention a few things that i saw and heard that i think express all of that sense of change .
One of them was i was sitting next to the congressional <unk> section and unlike four years ago there were a lot of men in the congressional <unk> section .
And in the v. i. p. section which was right next to that there were the usual number of fur coats .
Linda bird johnson in fact had a stole that she said her mother had worn to the kennedy inauguration in nineteen sixty one .
But there were also african americans in traditional garb colorful garb from their native continent .
Then i remember leaving the capitol grounds and walking through the cordoned off streets of washington back toward the white house .
They were cordoned off for the parade .
No traffic .
A kind of eerie sense of calm and silence there .
And there were fleets of young adults on roller blades .
I don't think i've ever seen so many kids on roller blades .
And there were street drummers with turned over plastic drums just drumming up a storm .
And then that night we went to the m. t. v. inaugural ball and i want to be careful here because this was not woodstock .
I mean it was a corporate event sponsored by a big fortune five hundred corporation .
There were lots of washington insiders and hollywood types there .
But around midnight don <unk> the rock star got together with a high school choir and together they <unk> out a <unk> of bob <unk> famous song anthem the times they are <unk> and even though as i say it was insiders in the room there was some distant sense there of something really significant happening <unk> socially .
But i also think it was a warning .
It was a celebration and a warning because bob dylan was writing in protest to the previous generation .
Now the baby boomers are in charge .
Somewhere out there there's a scrawny kid a young bob dylan and he's going to be writing protest songs as the baby boomers run things .
The inaugural speech was well received here in washington howard and one of the things that president clinton made clear invoking the name of f. d. r. was that he does intend to be an activist president .
Well i think he tried to show that by the words by the <unk> of the speech .
He said all right let's get down to business here .
It was only fourteen minutes long .
It was punchy and austere i think but also signaled activism which he then tried to follow up on this week on friday in his second full in the white house .
He signed a big bunch of executive orders that basically reversed twelve years of abortion policy in this country and everything from allowing abortion counseling in clinics to allowing the <unk> of the french abortion pill to changes in international policy .
He signed a whole bunch of orders on that and i think he wanted to show and i think with some success that he was going to be an active president .
One of the things he talked about howard that he never talked about during the campaign was sacrifice .
And it sounded like he was trying to get people ready for maybe tax increases maybe even the middle class that he's promised a tax decrease to .
Well he .
Maybe a cutback in government benefits .
Yeah he promised to be the people's president and i think the pageantry of this inauguration pretty successfully showed that everything from starting out at <unk> thomas jefferson's home through the hours that he spent greeting average americans in the white house .
But the paradox and the challenge is that in order to be a successful people's president he's going to have to convince the people that there's some shared sacrifice involved .
This is not an easy or painless thing to do for essentially a friendly guy .
And so his great challenge is going to be to use his intimate style his sense of empathy that eye contact that he can make with people to convince all americans that we have to sacrifice .
He lost no time today in making clear that hillary clinton is going to have a major job at the white house .
Well this is one of the great symbols and signs of generational and social change .
Hillary clinton top flight lawyer top of her class at wellesley and yale law school effective leader for change in arkansas as first lady of arkansas after all this is what they did in arkansas .
She ran the educational reform program sold it county by county in arkansas .
She's not going to just have an office in the east wing the traditional home of first ladies she's going to have a big office in the west wing and it was made clear that she is going to be probably the key person in charge of health care reform .
Now if bill clinton's going to be the people's president he's got to solve the deficit .
If he's going to solve the deficit he's got to cut health care spending which is skyrocketing .
Hillary clinton is the person who's basically going to be in charge of that .
That's tremendously important both symbolically and substantively for how he's going to run his white house .
You were speaking of sacrifice just a moment ago jack and one of the things that he had to do almost immediately was to sacrifice his nominee for the attorney general's job .
Well that's true and i have to tell you paul i've known zoe baird since the carter administration .
She was in the carter white house .
She was in the justice department at that time .
Highly respected .
Only forty years old .
Five hundred thousand dollar a year general counsel of the aetna insurance company .
Her being the nominee to be the first attorney woman attorney general in the united states was greeted widely by people as something terrific for this administration .
And then it came out very in the very beginning of the hearings that she had hired two illegal aliens peruvians for domestic work had not paid their social security of course .
And she had volunteered this information herself in connection with the forms she had to file when she was named but she thought and people who on the transition team who had put her up for the job thought and president clinton thought that she could survive that but after two days of really grilling questions and a tough time on the stand from the senators of the senate judiciary committee it became clear that she wasn't going to make it .
I think that she made the decision that if she did make it it wouldn't be worth it and withdrew at midnight last night .
Jack the campaign people who of course were not involved in the transition time that chose zoe baird were complaining that you know the transition was run by rich people who didn't know what the real concerns of america were .
And in fact our talk show democracy phone lines lit up over this question .
Why didn't they including bill clinton catch the political significance of this .
Well i don't know but i talked to one of them today who said it was just a mistake .
We did not understand the what the reaction would be .
We've never had this as an issue before .
It was a civil violation that she was involved in not a criminal violation .
Her reputation was tremendous .
The president himself kept encouraging her .
After all even after the inauguration on wednesday she was at the luncheon the congressional luncheon .
She sat down beside the senate judiciary committee chairman biden .
While she was sitting there jimmy carter came up the former president put his arm around her told her what a great candidate she was for the job .
President clinton himself came up and talked to her and said likened her plight to the plight his own plight during the campaign said stand in there the stormy weather as you mentioned stormy weather but you can weather it and you won't be impaired .
You can serve as attorney general .
Jack .
She had every reason to believe that the president was behind her and that she could survive it .
Jack you said that she made the decision to withdraw on her own .
You know there's some word out here that she was nudged by the white house by warren christopher .
Right .
The man who had .
The secretary of state .
Right .
Headed the transition and who is now secretary of state .
Right .
Publicly at the committee she was saying it wouldn't be appropriate for me to withdraw .
Yet privately was she was the one who did it or not .
Well let me tell you what my understanding of it is from someone who i know very well who's very close to her .
At eight o'clock on wednesday morning she first brought it up to the transition people herself and she said this is beginning to look like it's going to be so controversial that even if i am confirmed i won't be able to do the job i won't be able to make the justice department independent restore the integrity to it. and then later even brought up that well look if we have republicans against me where will the bipartisan justice department be and finally after that grueling day yesterday thursday came out out of that meeting went into a meeting with lawyers and said i can't do it i don't think that if i even if i'm confirmed i could serve .
Told warren christopher that and warren christopher agreed with her .
Didn't get a push .
Called the white house .
The white house readily agreed .
But she was the one .
Now you might say could she read the handwriting on the wall .
Who knows .
Maybe so .
But she made the decision .
There's no question in my mind about that .
And she did on the basis of if she were confirmed she couldn't do the job .
On the second day of a populist presidency that may live forever in reputation in how changed it is we're getting so inside washington that i can barely follow it .
For us <unk> was this .
For outside the beltway .
Yeah .
Okay .
For us outside the beltway types i once was out there did this event damage clinton .
Well i .
In any particular way .
Well i'll tell you what i mean some people think it damaged him tremendously .
I do think it damaged him some .
It will not have damaged him very much because you know it got stopped in a pretty big hurry but if he has another nominee up there and he doesn't stand up for her publicly now he stood up for zoe baird in talking to her but he did not mount a defense for her .
There was no political team there .
They didn't have any political strategy to save her .
She was actually left out hanging by herself if you want to know the truth about it and she did pretty well considering .
Jack there are some people who think she may that the president clinton may go back for example to judge patricia wald here in the district .
I mean who are you hearing that he's going to go to now .
I .
Does it have to be a woman .
And does it have to be a woman .
I doubt that it has to be a woman this time .
I doubt that seriously .
I'll tell you the names i hear drew days whose a minority a black that was head of the civil rights division in the justice department .
I've heard of as a matter of fact three white males u. s. circuit judge richard arnold of little rock friend of clinton's rhodes scholar jim neal famous trial lawyer prosecuted some of the watergate defendants or tried them at least charles <unk> a watergate prosecutor who incidentally operates from a wheelchair .
I've heard of those as being talked about and i don't think he necessarily has to go to a woman .
Well regardless of who the choice is he's obviously going to look at the situation with painstaking care this time .
Right .
And he said that .
Because the message from capitol hill on this nomination this week the message which the senators sent to the white house was mr. president you shouldn't risk your power and prestige on a fight which you may not be able to win .
Yeah i think it's interesting .
One slice of this whole affair to really look at is the relationship between the congressional democrats and their new president and i think the general feeling on the hill this week was that the damage control operation went a lot better than the selection process you know of the nominee that you had a president who was not george bush asking his republicans to go out on a limb for john tower the ill <unk> nominee for secretary of defense and he wasn't jimmy carter who capitulated to the hill even before inauguration day and pulled the nomination of ted <unk> for c. i. a. director .
Bill clinton was a guy who sent up somebody he liked and respected and when word came down from capitol hill this week particularly after a democratic caucus behind closed doors democrats had a session and they went around the room and they said all right what about it and a lot of guys stood up said and women we're not sure about this nomination .
The word went back to the white house .
The senate majority leader george mitchell was in constant contact with bill clinton himself .
The senate judiciary committee chairman joe biden was talking to the congressional liaison people and to the president .
When the phone calls started coming in on the hill and they were about issues of class and race and people got scared the white house knew what was going on .
Zoe baird had become something you don't want to be in washington .
She becomes a political nominee without a political constituency .
And bill clinton was too much of a politician to stand by her .
He finally said this was it because the guys on the hill as paul said said you don't want to waste your chips on this one if you <unk> .
But zoe he does get some political mileage .
Gloria .
That's gloria .
I'm sorry .
Exchange the name .
I'm sorry .
That's all right .
Anyway he does get from some people a lot of political minus points for not standing up for her however having put her up there .
Well you know there's a couple of lessons here .
One is you've got to be organized in picking your people .
And two if you really want your people to stay there the white house has a way to do it .
There was no organization the way there was .
That's right but .
Say for clarence thomas or .
That's right but .
That kind of thing .
And the question is was the white house staff prepared to handle this .
In the end the white house didn't want to stand by zoe baird so she was out there all alone .
But let's also make the point that this really did touch a public nerve on two counts .
The first count was that there were a lot of people who felt that highest law enforcement officer in the country should not be someone who had violated the law .
And the second point was that there were many people who felt that there was an issue of social class here that if you were privileged and rich enough you can skirt the law .
Well it was interesting .
At first a lot of senators were skeptical about the phone calls .
They thought that they had been orchestrated by groups who were against zoe baird like ralph nader for example who thought she was too conservative .
Then when the calls really started coming in one senator said to me you know i'm getting phone calls from poor people who are saying this is a rich person's problem .
Gloria .
Or she was hiring people to take away my job .
These were really people out there .
That's the problem for this administration because this is supposed to be a populist administration caring about the people .
Well the people were calling in and they were ninety percent against zoe baird so they had to listen both the members on the hill and down at the white house .
Gloria he bill clinton campaigned saying i'm for the people who work hard and play by the rules .
All the democrats at the convention cheered that line .
Right .
But my understanding is that for the most part and until very recently the democrats on the hill didn't have any sense of this either .
I mean why is it that they didn't have any better fingertip feel for this subject than the transition officials did .
Well i think there are lots of democrats who would tell that when they were told about this they said what .
Don't you realize this is a political problem some of them were not as clued into it but a lot of them have said to me yeah we told these transition people that they needed to pay a lot of attention to this more than they did .
Let us note in passing that mr. clinton did get all of his other nominations .
They sailed through the senate without any difficulty whatsoever .
Absolutely .
And had ethical problems .
And a few had ethical problems .
But that is no mean feat either .
That is no mean feat .
Exactly .
Finally we should say though despite these troubles that we've been talking about that as <unk> go charlie this one was pretty good .
This one was amazing and this great inside washington incident that has an ethical overtone really was kind of one of the smaller items of the week in terms of what was happening to our country it seems to me .
Eight hundred thousand people gathered between the capitol and the white house for an inauguration .
That's the most people that ever gathered for anything around here .
George bush had three hundred thousand people at his inauguration .
Ronald reagan the most popular tiger we've had in modern times had five hundred thousand people .
Let's try to get a measurement here .
Eight hundred thousand people came from somewhere to be present for this .
I it wasn't just a mass of people .
I talked to a lot of them .
I can tell howard was among them .
You all probably were .
They were enthusiastic people .
They were of all colors ages types .
They weren't that interested in politics .
They were good spirited .
They had hope .
They talked about hope .
There were no demonstrators around .
There was almost a <unk> in this crowd in a crunch .
The subways were jammed .
You couldn't move .
And there was a <unk> with these people .
It was almost too good to be true .
I talked with them .
They were hopeful .
Ideology almost none .
Knowledge of the inside workings of zoe baird utterly beyond their interest .
They were interested in the ethic of it and the one thing i heard all of them agree on let's whatever was right here let's don't have an attorney general that stood in that line .
That's all i heard there .
But what they wanted was change .
Eight hundred thousand people were drawn by the sense of change after about a quarter century of one party government and everybody tired of washington this crowd kind of anti washington and pro clinton but not devoted .
Interested in change .
And they came with their families and their friends and more little kids than i have ever seen .
Clinton knew what was up .
He liked it so much that he wasn't even late to the swearing in and he made the shortest speech of his entire life .
Charlie sometimes in this great pageant almost paradoxically we lose sight of the man who's becoming president of the united states .
Yeah .
He just becomes a figure at his own pageant .
Yeah .
What about clinton himself .
I mean i was struck by george bush by the way had people into the white house four years ago but this seemed to i mean c. span carried this live .
For hour after hour .
Six hours .
Bill clinton was in there you know kneeling down when little kids came by to talk to them .
How do you think he he seemed to revel in this thing and he .
He's so natural at it you can't believe it .
Yeah .
He seemed to be a kind of national host .
He is a host and he's good with the kids and he cares about the kids .
And he got down there with his eyes where their eyes were and he talked to people .
Watching him is what matters in the age of television in a way sad to say more than how he treated one kid .
It's fascinating to watch a man at peace and as of one with the people little kids old people .
I don't know whether he's going to be a decent president but he's incredible with kids .
With and with the women the men he was remarkable to watch as he was at the economic conference .
Here it was more even but there was one exchange that showed he has a perfect face .
I didn't know what this woman said but today someone pulled it up as they say in the sound business .
A woman came through the line and i wrote this down .
She said mr. president i wanted to tell you that i have found a new energy source .
She was perfectly serious .
I've found a new energy source and it will cure two thirds of the deficit besides having military and industrial <unk> and clinton did not say well you crazy <unk> he did not say ooh .
He said let me have some more material on that .
Thank you very much .
And he'll read it .
I .
It was wonderful .
He will read it .
I think .
Or hillary will read it .
I think we might note in passing too that i felt that george bush left office with a great deal of class and grace .
I mean he displayed a wonderful warmth and friendliness toward the clintons .
It had to make you feel better about george bush and it had to make you feel better about the country and our tradition .
When clinton came on that platform bush welcomed him on the platform shook his hand and a pat they patted each other's <unk> .
When he finished his speech bush shook his hand patted him some more .
When bush went to the airplane i mean to his helicopter clinton walked with him and they had almost an embrace .
You just had to feel better about whatever system it is we've got here and these two guys .
We've all watched and participated in this week and now we clearly have to become adjusted to the clinton style .
And the question i'd like to put to all of you is how's he really going to change the old town .
Is he indeed going to give us a new washington .
Well he's going it's going to be more intimate .
I don't think there's any doubt about that .
People make jokes about the hugging and the hog calls from arkansas and so on but this is a guy who i'm sure will go up to the hill don't you think gloria .
Yeah .
I think he'll probably do it the way he did back in arkansas .
Too much .
He will in a way try to turn washington into little rock which is a city of one hundred seventy five thousand make it intimate make it familiar make it <unk> in the old style .
He's going to be connected not just with the people he sees but we've seen something from everything from the way he campaigned on talk shows and on all kind of crazy shows and how he handled those people in the white house .
We're going to have the first <unk> era television president who really is dealing with every american in a fairly forthright way .
He may rise or fall but he's going to have taken his full shot .
I wonder though whether that isn't going to make us all a bit more self conscious .
And maybe that's a good thing .
But this clinton administration talks a lot about ethics and it talks a lot about the to the people .
And i think people in washington are thinking differently .
In many ways that's why zoe baird became such a victim because given this new emphasis on ethics and what the real people in the real world really think .
You're suggesting that he could raise the standards of washington .
Yeah maybe .
I mean we'll be more self conscious about it and that ain't bad .
Well i don't want to be the only one .
No go ahead .
Who seems to have a little bit of a <unk> note here but you know there were people who got confirmed in this administration who did have somewhat ethical problems there .
You've still got that to deal with .
We have a problem right now at the white house of where we're getting less access actually in the press is .
After two days .
Well after two days .
Yeah now they've shut .
That's right .
They've shut them off .
And so you know you've got i think you've got to wait and see how this administration shakes down before you think that it's going to be you know a renaissance or whether there's going to be any great changes .
It may be listen it may be politics as usual .
If clinton for example doesn't go for campaign reform like he said he was going to do early on i'd say it'll be .
He's got a lot more .
I'll say it'll be business as usual .
There are two <unk> notes one would raise .
One is they have a very manipulative maybe even arrogant attitude toward the press .
They think they can go straight to the people over their heads through television .
The other thing is zoe baird is important symbolism because they didn't understand what the people thought about that and we should remember that .
Well what i think about is that this show is coming to an end but i remember a headline in the washington post this week that said what we really had was a festival of hugs and hopes .
And we'll be here to .
A lot of hugs .
And we'll be here to keep an eye on the man from hope arkansas .
That's it for this edition .
I'm paul duke .
