Community meetings may be one reason why oakland california did not erupt in violent rage after the verdict in the los angeles police trial .
Craig heaps examines how oakland prevented the worst .
In many ways parts of oakland resemble parts of los angeles poor filled with crime infested with drugs .
And yet when the verdict came down in the rodney king beating trial oakland remained peaceful .
Community leaders say the reason is that even before the trial began they had begun holding meetings in response to the city's soaring homicide rate meetings to discuss the causes of violence and what to do about them .
We had put a lot of energy in the community by holding these type of meetings and town meetings and rap sessions and all these things that cropped up .
People had a chance to talk about this issue of violence .
Don sutton leads meetings anywhere he can in <unk> black community organizing people to look for solutions to drugs poverty crime and .
If we don't take our communities back we've got to .
Sutton is not alone .
The oakland men's project helps people understand the roots of violence roots that are often planted in the home .
In their workshop they act out the scene of a father whose nine year old son brings home a bad report card .
You know what d. stands for .
Dummy .
That's not fair i .
Don't you raise up on me man .
I'll knock your block off .
You're a dummy .
What are you some kind of mama's boy .
The little baby's going to cry .
Why don't you learn to grow up and act like a man .
And then they try to understand .
What is this nine year old boy learning from his dad about what it is to be man .
Just throw out some words some qualities what's he learning .
Don't cry .
Violence .
Okay don't cry and violence .
What else .
Aggression .
Aggression .
They're expected to act one way in society but if they understand how they've been ingrained to think about themselves they may look at different ways to act and behave .
<unk> community leaders say peace in the past is no guarantee of peace in the future .
Well now i'm afraid that if we didn't explode then that at some point soon if we don't begin to correct some of these situations we're going to have the problem we did in l. a. .
And they say many of those solutions will have to come from within the black community because without each other they don't have a prayer .
