This is katie davis .
Coming up on all things considered many americans are getting new jobs but they're only temporary .
Some say that hurts morale .
Tapping for rubber in the amazon it still goes on but there are fewer buyers now .
And the poet <unk> <unk> gives a voice to the old gods of mexico .
That's coming up so stay tuned .
A growing number of employers are finding they can run their companies just as efficiently without any employees full time employees that is .
These business owners are turning to employee leasing firms outside companies that take care of everything from payroll checks to the company picnic .
Leasing companies tout the benefits of this new arrangement for managers and workers alike .
Some experts though are warning of pitfalls for business owners .
Npr's elaine korry reports from san francisco .
Ontario for a day of car rental let's see what date were we talking about .
Carrie <unk> owns this small travel agency in <unk> california thirty miles east of san francisco .
Like other small business owners she has the satisfaction of being her own boss and watching her enterprise grow .
But as a small employer <unk> also has had her share of frustrations .
Her breaking point came about two years ago on the eve of a long awaited vacation .
I was here at office it was about four in the morning and i was writing payroll checks .
And i was trying to guess how many hours the employees were actually going to work while i was gone because <unk> was going to happen while i was gone .
And i thought it was a little insane that i was trying to do this .
When she returned from vacation <unk> called national staff network an employee leasing company in southern california .
Carrie <unk> effectively fired all her employees .
The same day they were hired by the network and assigned to continue working at their former jobs .
Employee leasing means <unk> can concentrate on what she's good at serving her customers rather than wasting valuable time on personnel matters .
It eliminates probably twenty hours a month that i'm not working on payroll records not having to file forms not having to make payroll tax deposits which all you have to is forget once you've got penalties you've got extra forms to file .
You've got to reconcile everything .
It's a major headache .
<unk> says she's pleased with her new leasing arrangement .
As for her employees well they say <unk> changed except the paychecks are always there on time .
And longtime staffer laurie ford says since the employees went on the network's payroll they have access to better benefits .
There's a lot of things that they offer as far as you know profit sharing and the health insurance and the dental insurance and life insurance and those type of things that we wouldn't have normally on a small business type basis .
Employee leasing companies say the arrangement suits everyone .
Employees have greater job security and more choice about benefits .
And for a fee to the company small business owners can escape the seemingly endless paperwork .
As the employer of record the leasing company assumes the entire burden of managing the work force .
And that includes another <unk> for business owners the promise of legal protection .
It's very difficult to be an employer with all the government regulations all of the requirements and all of the different lawsuits .
I mean we say there's two kinds of employers those that have been sued and those that are going to be sued .
Eric <unk> is the general counsel for national staff network which provides employees in some twenty six states .
He's says when clients buy the network services they can stop worrying about the small employer's greatest fear an expensive and time consuming lawsuit .
For example we had a case in michigan where the employee felt they had been discriminated against and they immediately named the client as the defendant .
We moved in and <unk> the agency to remove the client as the defendant because we were the legal employer .
And if there was any discrimination we would have to be legally liable .
Employee leasing may seem like a perfect solution for small business owners .
But richard bellows a labor economist in washington fears what the rapid growth of this industry will mean especially for workers .
There are many employee leasing firms out there which are honest and uphold the letter of the law .
But there are many other organizations also out there engaged in employee leasing which have been highly fraudulent have said they're paying employee benefits when they're not and have violated other forms of our labor laws .
Bellows says even legitimate leasing companies pose a threat to the work force .
He's been studying <unk> growing reliance on so called contingent workers part timers temporaries .
Bellows views employee leasing as one more strategy to cut costs and boost efficiency at the expense of employees .
One of the major reasons behind employee leasing is because you is the desire of employers to segment their work force to perhaps give one level of benefits to certain workers and less benefits to other workers or a different level of benefits .
Although leasing can save some employers time and money the arrangement may also bring hidden costs .
<unk> employees sometimes resent being fired and then rehired by an outside company often with headquarters in another state .
Attorney marvin goldstein who represents business owners says when the old employer employee relationship is gone work force morale can suffer .
Loyalty that may have been there in the past is often evaporated .
Arguably you will lose the dedication of these employees .
Questions of poor quality come into play .
There are any number of potential <unk> .
Goldstein advises his clients to weigh the <unk> before they lease employees .
He says questions about legal liability in the workplace are far from settled .
And according to goldstein business owners who think they can avoid the perils of being an employer are just being naive .
