Will the democrats be able to pull all their factions together and agree on the five hundred billion dollar deficit reduction package .
Will it help the economy or as the republicans claim hurt it .
Slogans are easy tax and spend cut spending first it's spending stupid they all sound so good so that they mask the reality .
Are the republicans indeed hiding their budget shortcomings in rhetorical thought .
From washington this is newsmaker sunday with frank sesno .
Welcome to the program .
I'm bob franken in for frank sesno .
Our guests today deputy treasury secretary roger altman and later senate minority leader robert dole .
Joining me with the questions is c. n. n.'s white house correspondent jill dougherty .
Mr. altman let's talk about your job which is to run it's been called to run the boiler room in charge of the operation to ram this through congress if you'll accept that characterization and it's going to be through the democrats in congress since the republicans have opted out as you know .
The democrats are never accused of being an organized political party and that's becoming evident right here .
You have the liberals who are saying they are not going to accept some of the changes that the conservatives have made in this and the conservatives saying accept them or else we're not going to pass this .
How are you going to do this .
How are you going to pull all these groups together .
Well first of all i think the outlook is quite good .
After all eighty percent of the president's original budget is already in the house version and in the senate version and we're within about two weeks of completing this and that would be the fastest enactment of a major economic plan in modern history .
The votes were close as you know originally six votes in the house and a tie breaking vote in the senate but i think we'll get there and the reason we'll get there is that this plan already is working .
You know when the prospect of credible deficit reduction from president clinton came into view interest rates began to fall dramatically that picked up certain credit sensitive industries like autos construction and housing and what's going on .
Jobs are being created .
We're creating jobs over the past six months at one hundred forty thousand a month .
That's three to four times the rate at which president bush did over four years .
I want to talk about that in a minute but let me get back to the no way factor .
You have the people from the western states for instance and you have others who are saying no way will i vote for a bill that has the increase in the energy tax that seems to be necessary to satisfy the liberals who are saying no way will i vote for a package that makes the kinds of cuts in the liberal programs that are being proposed .
The no way factor would seem to me to be a place where everybody has dug himself into the sand .
There are two reasons why i think it'll prevail .
The first is that the alternative is much worse .
There's no credible republican alternative .
I hope we can talk about that in a moment .
So the alternative is to do nothing and to do nothing in other words to fail and not pass a new budget would mean that interest rates would go back up sharply .
That's usually bad for stock prices .
Consumer confidence would take a hit .
Business confidence would take a hit and this rate of job creation that i was just talking about would start to unravel .
I don't think in the end that the congress is going to want to embrace that .
The second reason i think that will prevail is that the voters sent a strong message last november to the effect that they want an end to gridlock and it's true that the democrats of course now control the house and the senate and the white house and i don't think that we democrats want to go to the votes in november ninety fourth and say we just couldn't get it done .
Jill .
One crucial element here is what the role of the president will be in actually pushing for his plan and he went up to the hill this week had a rip roaring speech i guess it was on tuesday rallying the troops .
What are we going to see now from the president in terms of how what he tells congress specifically .
Is he going to tell people specifically what he wants to do or is he going to continue to talk about principles .
Well i think there are two answers to that jill .
The first is that the conference is working it's making a lot of progress .
Within another week or so it should be finished and everyone should know what the details of the final agreement are .
And of course the administration is present in a lot of those deliberations and our views are being sought too .
Second of all the president has this as his top priority between now and the end .
The stakes are enormous .
This is the type of economic change and big change that the voters asked for last fall and he's going to be spending enormous amounts of time talking with legislators .
There will probably be a speech to that nation at an appropriate moment and just working on this non stop between now and then and the enactment .
Look you make the point and it's a point that's being made by every democrat right now who's trying to get this passed that it would undermine the economy if this was not to pass but the experience with the budget agreement of nineteen ninety would demonstrate to many that the economy is subject to any number of pressures .
You have for instance alan greenspan the fed chairman up there this week talking about increasing interest rates notwithstanding a deficit reduction deal .
Aren't you <unk> this .
I don't think so .
First of all chairman greenspan said we need this five hundred billion dollars of deficit reduction and if we don't get it the impact on interest rates and other aspects of the economy will be negative .
That was a very supporting comment .
Well nobody is arguing that deficit reduction would be bad .
It seems that some people are arguing that the administration is <unk> the effects of this given the unpredictability of the economy .
Well i think we're just telling it like it is that the reality is that job growth is picking up .
We've released an analysis to the effect that under this plan we think we'll create eight million jobs over the next four years .
We even released it on a state by state basis .
I have it right here just happened to bring it with me .
Happened to bring your prop yes .
And breaks down by each state where we think the jobs will come from .
Either way most leading private forecasters agree with this assessment on the amounts of jobs which will be created .
So i don't think we're <unk> it .
This is the type of big change that's good for the country and important for jobs and growth that the american public asked for last november .
Speaking of the eight million jobs .
It's my understanding and correct me if i'm wrong that those estimates are based on overall projections for what is going to happen in the future not necessarily taking into consideration the president's plan .
Is that correct .
They're based on a series of yes of long term trends together with the plan .
I agree it's not the plan all by itself .
It's the economic outlook incorporating the plan .
But i would repeat you have to ask yourself what's the alternative and as i said there is no real republican alternative .
They struck out in terms of offering a credible alternative and if this isn't voted you're going to see a series of bad economic developments as i mentioned including going back down on this job growth rate .
In the political sense though why would you want to pin yourself down to eight million jobs .
I mean a year or two from now somebody can pull up the <unk> slash <unk> and say the newspaper reports and say hey where are those jobs .
Well nobody can guarantee as you say that those jobs will come to pass but it is our best judgment that they'll be created as i said most of the leading private forecasters agree with that assessment and we're just telling the american people what we think the plan will do .
O. k. but let's take the republican argument for a second and treat it .
The republicans would say that any money that you tax is money taken out of an economy that can be spent to create jobs by giving consumers the power to buy .
And they say that the democrats are too prone to tax and undermine the economy by taxing it to death and they make the point also that this plan does just that .
Well let me make two or three points about the republican arguments .
First of all as to whether this plan is bad for the economy which is a main argument they are making i refer you to a bunch of the leading economic forecasters who built this plan into their models and concluded that it will be positive for the economy positive for growth and positive for jobs .
But they're saying excuse me they are saying that deficit reduction would be positive .
The argument however is that there are better ways to do this than taking taxes .
Well but that gets to the second point .
What is it the republicans have proposed .
Senator dole will be here in a moment .
The night before the senate voted on the president's budget the night before republicans threw together an alternative and what was in it .
One hundred billion less deficit reduction and within that fifty billion dollars of cuts to be figured out later .
It wasn't a credible alternative .
It was an air ball and most of the press in fact virtually all of the press <unk> it .
But that's beside the point of the question .
In the brief time that we have left doesn't taxing inherently hurt the economy by taking money out of it .
No because the impact of this overall plan the whole plan on the economy will be positive .
But let just make one point about who pays the taxes .
Under the senate bill eighty percent of the new taxes will be paid by americans earning more than two hundred thousand dollars a year .
Most working american families say earning forty thousand dollars will pay about a dollar a week fifty dollars a year .
We think that's a fair approach .
During the nineteen eighty's the upper taxpayers had their effective tax rates go down .
That really wasn't the right way to do it and so we think the whole plan it's the way you ought to look at it will be positive for jobs .
Roger altman deputy treasury secretary the man who is running the boiler room at the white house trying to sell this program through congress among the democrats in congress thank you for being with us .
In a moment we'll be joined by the senator republican leader robert dole .
Clinton's trying to actually accomplish something .
You can't do that without compromising and i don't think it's wavering .
I think it's attempting to get the job done .
He's got to have the support of congress .
He campaigned on unlocking the gridlock but he hasn't been too successful on that not because he hasn't tried .
That's because those guys up that on the hill don't want to cooperate .
Among those who has not been exactly cooperating with president clinton these days when it comes to the budget deficit is our next guest senator robert dole minority leader of the senate prominent critic of the budget plan .
The criticism of your criticism is that the plans that you're offering do not in fact specifically offer any cuts .
Rhetorical fog i believe the president called them .
Yeah well i doubt the president even looked at our plan would be my guess .
He probably just read something that somebody gave him and you're last guest may not have looked at our plan either mr. altman because i brought a little chart along .
Under our plan the deficit actually continues to go down and theirs comes starting back up in about nineteen ninety eight .
Let's talk about what is called your plan .
They say that your plan is a myth that there are not specific spending cuts and they're just general areas where you .
Well if that's the case we took every spending cut that president clinton suggested two hundred and some spending cuts we put in our package .
We have a five year five year freeze on so called discretionary spending non defense discretionary spending and we have caps on entitlements starting in nineteen ninety seven .
We need some time for the phase in three hundred twenty nine billion dollars without taxes .
But the difference is that in order to make up the lack of taxes that you wouldn't put in yours so the critics say you would need to be specific about other spending cuts which you have not been in your plan .
Well they haven't they haven't specified where they are .
We think we were specific .
We think it's a pretty tough vote .
We picked up a couple of democratic votes on it and i hear the president out saying he's going to create eight million new jobs .
The c. b. o. said in january if you didn't do anything you'd create nine point four million new jobs so it looks like we're losing about a million and a half jobs with the president's plan .
Jill .
Are you worried .
I saw a cartoon the other day where you were depicted as darth vader i think as darth <unk> brother maybe but are you worried about your strategy of saying no to the president .
Not on the economic plan .
No i think if we did it on every piece of legislation there'd be say well what are these people up to but we're already out front on the north american free trade agreement on the russian reconstruction plan a number of issues that will probably furnish more republican votes than democrats .
We're not for the big spending bill on the senate floor now ten point eight billion dollars for national service .
We think it sort of underscores the tax and spend of this administration .
They've got a tax bill in congress .
Conference and a spending bill on the senate floor and no way to pay for it .
But no we're going to cooperate and we've written the president .
We've set down in fact we'll work out a deficit package if this fails .
Many republicans are willing to do that .
Well as a matter of fact though that's something that needs to be discussed .
In the event that it doesn't pass is it your understanding that there would be another version of the andrews air force base summit something like that .
And just very quickly to remind people that meant that the party leaders got together from both parties and worked out something .
Is that what you would expect to happen .
Well i think it would depend on the president .
Certainly that an issue but i think it could depend on the president .
Certainly he'd have to take the initiative but we're prepared to do that .
We've got some pretty good ideas on retroactive indexing of capital gains to make it retroactive and prospective .
Do some other things that may attract even some members of the black caucus .
So are you waiting are you waiting then to have the democrats fail and then for the republicans to come to their rescue .
Well i don't see it quite that way .
I remember in eighty five when only one democrat voted for our package we were pretty upset about lack of bipartisan support .
As it ended up that year we didn't get a reconciliation package but i just say we're prepared to help the president .
We've written him a letter myself and senator domenici senator packwood .
I talked to the president personally .
I understand that senator boren may have told him yesterday that a number of republicans are willing to set down so our point is that we're not players not by choice .
We're the minority party but we are willing to provide some help and some new ideas .
If we could get back to specifics again some of the social spending issues that are of great concern to the black caucus what would you do .
What does your plan specifically get into when you talk about the cuts .
Well our plan is not the one that is going to be voted on but i think the problem is they put in a lot of these social spending issues to offset the cost of the b. t. u. tax .
Well the b. t. u. tax is dead so i think i agree with secretary bentsen who said this morning on another show that you may not get the full whatever it is twenty one billion dollars because some of the reasons for that twenty one billion dollars are gone but i think we have to reduce the deficit .
We share that view with the president but we wouldn't do it this way .
We went through this experience in nineteen ninety and many of us walked the plank and didn't get much for it .
This is not a five hundred billion dollar deficit reduction plan it's about four hundred billion dollars .
But again where are the specifics .
Our specifics .
All right let's say the social spending issues .
The social spending issues we try to protect low income programs medicaid w. i. c. food stamps .
We don't increase spending in any program .
Let's talk about a subject that is related and that of course is the floods out in the midwest .
I just got back from there .
You just got back from there .
There was a political fight about that this week much to the surprise of any number of people in the house of representatives .
They were not able to pass the massive amount of flood aid that is needed ten million dollars plus now they're estimating .
The issues seem to be there seem to be two issues one having to do with the measure about urban jobs but let's forget that for the moment and talk about the republican claim mainly republican that you should find cuts elsewhere in the government instead of relying on emergency spending .
What's your position on that .
Well my view is that this is an emergency like hurricane andrew was hurricane hugo the earthquakes in san francisco hurricanes in hawaii and the law provides that you don't have to offset true emergencies .
Now we don't want to load it up with a lot of other programs we need to keep the so called pork out of it but on the emergency disaster itself i don't think it needs an offset .
We need to work on a plan that will do that in future years .
And so you contradict the position of the house republican leadership that there should be these offsets .
Well i don't know whether it was the leadership position but i support the president in this view .
This is an emergency and it's provided for by law .
Now that doesn't mean we can't change that policy maybe next year but how do you do it now .
Many of the appropriation bills have already passed the house .
It's pretty hard to go back and say let's take one percent across the board .
So maybe at an earlier time this year i might've said yes but i think now let's go ahead and get the aid there but let's make certain it goes to those people who've been devastated and damage not make it a big you know a big christmas tree .
Having been out there do you agree with the assessments that are coming out now ten billion dollars .
I think it's pretty hard to put a dollar figure on it now because until the water recedes it's going to be difficult to estimate but it's substantial .
We've got thousands and thousands of acres of crop land destroyed in my state .
You don't read much about kansas or north and south dakota nebraska wisconsin minnesota so you add all those six states up compared to the others missouri and iowa particularly hard and illinois we've got some real problems .
Very briefly getting back before we have to go to a break here to the deficit reduction aspect .
The complaint is that the republicans caused this problem by their reagan and bush presidencies and now you're trying to stop the democrats from correcting it .
Well you know you think columbus discovered america twelve years ago if you listen to vice president gore and the president .
We've made some tough decisions .
Some of us still have scars from the deficit reduction .
They've had a congress all this time .
The democrats have been in charge for forty years in the house six of the twelve years in the senate .
The president ought to recognize that the president can't spend one dime that congress doesn't appropriate .
It was a democratic congress .
Senate minority leader robert dole thank you .
We'll be back in just a moment .
Now it's your turn on newsmaker sunday where we put your questions and comments to our guests .
Two weeks ago labor secretary robert reich appeared on this program .
James rudolph of nogales arizona compares president clinton's economic plan which calls for tax increases with president reagan's which actually cut taxes .
He had this question for secretary reich why is it that when reagan lowered tax rates the economy almost immediately improved for the better with increased tax revenues with millions of new well paying jobs being created .
James in nineteen eighty one when the president reduced taxes and increased spending mostly on military now that was a tremendous shot in the arm for the economy .
It's very easy to temporarily stimulate a great deal of economic activity but eventually you have to pay the piper .
In nineteen eighty one our national debt was less than one trillion dollars .
Now our national debt is four and one half dollars trillion .
We are paying the piper and it's our responsibility all of us to get that debt down .
We've got to do it it's only fair that most of that debt most of the burden of paying down the debt be borne by people at the very top .
And we received this question for senator dole following his appearance on this program a few weeks ago .
This is from kenneth <unk> of salem massachusetts who writes i understand a politician's penchant for protecting his or her political party but you in the republican party border on obstructionism .
Bill clinton needs help not hindrance .
It's not a party issue it's a people issue .
What are you ready to do for the people and of course we have your appearances <unk> here a little but would you like to respond .
Well i think kenneth certainly we don't want to be an obstructionist party .
We're not out here to embarrass president clinton but when there's a fundamental difference in party philosophy whether it's democrat or republican then we have a responsibility to stand up and to make our case but you're going to find many areas of agreement with the president .
We're going to be helping on issues like the north american free trade agreement a russian reconstruction package .
So i think when you see the entire look back at it six months from now you'll say we've been fairly cooperative .
Senator dole thank you .
If you have questions for our guests today deputy treasury secretary roger altman or senate republican leader bob dole send them to us at your turn c. n. n. newsmaker sunday eight hundred twenty first street n. e. washington d. c. two zero zero zero two or you can fax them to four oh four six eight one three six seven eight .
We'll air some of those comments and try and have our guests comment on them and respond in about two weeks .
Now for all of us at newsmaker sunday thanks for watching .
Jill dougherty thank you for joining us .
