We're still waiting for court to begin today the hearing to suppress some one hundred plus items of evidence in the possession of the prosecution .
The defense has raised the motion they've also subpoenaed some twenty witnesses .
Among them two of the prosecutors in this case marcia clark and william hodgman .
The attorneys are in chambers at this moment with the judge presumably fighting that subpoena .
Roger cossack first to you .
How much of what we've been hearing in the past few days specifically the interviews that we've seen with the victims families how much of that is playing for the benefit of potential jurors .
Well i think it's more than coincidence that these kinds of interviews occur just when the jury selection is about to begin .
I think all of this is orchestrated and i think it's done quite a bit for the potential jurors to gather sympathy for both sides .
We know that recently there's been interviews with mr. simpson's children and we know that also the family of the goldmans mr. goldman has been on television .
You know i think this is a concerted effort so that people who are coming in on that jury will either have sympathy one way or the other .
Greta van susteren the other day in court judge ito used an interesting word to describe potential jurors he wanted to see how many of them had been contaminated .
In your opinion how many potential jurors have been contaminated by media coverage so far .
Well jim a lot are going to come into this courtroom with an opinion on the evidence but what the judge is going to say to them is can you disregard the opinion that you have arrived at based on the information you've heard in the media and a good juror a juror who's got an honest heart and soul is going to say yes i can disregard what i've heard .
I have heard a lot i have formed an opinion but when i walk through this door i'm going to abandon that and decide this case only on what i hear in the courtroom .
And i believe that can be done .
It takes a lot of hard work but a good honest citizen can do that .
Now we're nearly on the eve of jury selection the issue of sequestration comes up and according to one published report one third of the five hundred potential jurors surveyed said that it would be a burden for them if they were sequestered till february .
How much could that impact this case and the jury selection and the timeline that we're talking about .
Well the biggest problem jim is that it eliminates a number of people from that potential pool of jurors .
The people who can serve usually on a sequestered jury are either those who are unemployed or retired or fabulously rich or have employers who are willing to pay their salaries in spite of the fact that they will not be at work they're going to be on a jury .
That's a real problem .
That's eliminates a lot of people people who work in stores who work in gas stations who run their own businesses .
They will not be included in this pool and when you select a jury you'd like a cross section of the population .
Roger cossack this case has been literally on a fast track so far .
Are you expecting to see those wheels of justice grind to a halt as we await the selection of a jury .
I don't think they're going to grind to a halt but they're certainly going to slow down .
But i'd just like to follow up on the sequestration question .
I am shocked that it's only a reported one third that said they can't do it .
That means that there's two thirds of these over a thousand people that they're interviewing who could afford to spend six months locked up in a hotel perhaps up to six months locked up in a hotel room deciding this case .
I don't think i know anybody who either could or would do such a thing .
Now in addition to the motion to suppress that it going to be heard today cathy randa o. j. simpson's assistant is expected to be called about shredding a document that police wanted to get their hands on prosecutors wanted to get their hands on .
How serious are the allegations that cathy randa may have knowingly shredded a certain document .
Well there's a big difference jim between appearance of impropriety and any time anyone goes out and shreds a document that the police want it has the appearance of impropriety .
Was it illegal .
Number .
There was no warrant demanding that she produce it .
She was really free to do exactly what she wanted with it .
It may appear improper and may shed and we may all be curious and all of a sudden very suspicious about what's going on but probably what she did was no illegal .
Well there may not have been a warrant but police investigators clearly wanted that document and according to the prosecutor marcia clark the other day in court cathy randa knew that they wanted that document .
But the thing is jim that you pick up the phone you call the magistrate you say magistrate we have inadvertently stumbled upon this additional document while we were executing this search warrant we would like a telephone warrant so we can secure it .
They didn't do that they waited several days .
They should have done something right then and there .
Greta don't you believe that this really indicates how little trust there is now between the prosecution and the defense in this kind of situation .
Because normally even though you fight like the <unk> in the courtroom this is the kind of thing that perhaps can be handled by a phone call particularly if it's as innocent as the defense claims it is .
But i think the prosecution's just furious about the fact this even if it's an innocent document was shredded because it's a sort of in your face act by the defense and i just think the prosecution's furious and you know if i was the prosecutor on this case whether it's an innocent document or not i would be in front of the judge on this too .
I would be really angry .
Roger i don't disagree with you .
Obviously i would be furious as well .
But you have to look at the history of this case .
There is a lot of antagonism that has been growing on both sides and both sides need to be alert .
This is a combat this is a war .
They can't sit and trust the other side .
They're both fighting for their clients which they're supposed to .
And as long as they don't have agreements in which they have previously agreed that they're going to preserve evidence and do whatever it is that they want to to make this a more <unk> process .
They must be alert the gloves have come off and they've got to work hard to try to protect themselves .
Now the camera in the courtroom is not yet on but we understand that cathy randa and her attorney are in court in the front row .
