This week astronauts aboard the space shuttle endeavour walked in space for more than thirty five hours over five consecutive nights while repairing the hubble space telescope .
Even though it will take months for nasa to be sure whether the repairs actually fixed the telescope's vision problem nasa officials say they're very pleased with the results of the six hundred thirty million dollars mission and the repaired telescope is scheduled to be released into orbit early tomorrow morning .
Npr's richard harris reports .
This communication broadcast from mission control today at five forty seven a. m. houston time sums up the five arduous but exhilarating nights pretty well .
Hello houston i know this must get <unk> but i have more good news for you .
We have two good solar <unk> outstanding .
That one message confirmed that space walks on monday morning to install those new solar collectors and again this morning to install new control electronics went just as mission planners had hoped .
Nasa was pretty well drained of superlatives by the end of this record setting five space walks .
Astronauts have completed all eleven of the repairs that nasa hopes will not only repair the hubble space telescope's blurry vision but make it an even better instrument than it was supposed to be when it was launched three and a half years ago .
If the repairs worked the hubble will not only have the clearest view of the heavens but it will be able to probe the mysteries of the universe by studying colors of light that simply don't make it through the earth's atmosphere .
Nasa astronomer david <unk> can barely believe what he's witnessed this week .
This clearly wasn't a dream because we're actually awake .
So i can only conclude this is real although it's hard to believe that it's real that we've gotten through this phase of the servicing of the hubble space telescope so successfully .
Even nasa hadn't expected the mission to work out this well .
They'd made countless contingency plans to cope with things that could go wrong and had back ups and alternatives for just about everything including hundreds of extra tools just in case .
A few of those contingency plans were called into action .
Astronauts threw an old solar panel overboard because they couldn't <unk> it away and they positioned a new solar panel by hand after some latches stuck .
But nasa's joe rothenberg said those were really routine .
Considering the five days and all of the unexpected that we were prepared to respond to we were beginning to feel like the <unk> <unk> of the management game here .
The closest he got to a crisis was being awakened two hours after he went to bed yesterday when the telescope's computer appeared to be having problems .
Happily that turned out to be a non problem .
Nasa decided it was just a routine communications <unk> nothing to do with the hardware .
At a press conference this morning a reporter asked nasa's sue rainwater everything went so well what happened .
What happened was they were very well trained .
The hardware was incredible and we got lucky .
But while nasa can now breathe a huge sigh of relief they aren't yet declaring victory .
The space telescope still needs to be set gently back into its orbit three hundred sixty nine miles above the earth tonight and it will undergo weeks even months of tests to determine whether its embarrassing <unk> has indeed been corrected .
