I'm judy woodruff in washington .
We interrupt our live coverage of the o. j. simpson hearing in los angeles with some breaking news on the bosnian situation .
On the telephone with me now live is doctor radovan karadzic the leader of the bosnian serbs .
Doctor karadzic can you hear me at this moment .
Yes i can .
Tell me about these developments .
We understand that you have been talking with former u. s. president jimmy carter .
Can you tell us about your conversations with him .
Yes i had a pleasant opportunity and a great honor to talk on the telephone to president jimmy carter .
Our organization has acted in a complete accord on some points and first of them is that serb side shall immediately normalize relations with unprofor and there are other points .
If you're interested i can tell you .
Yes we'd like to know what they are .
I understand they have to do both with releasing u. n. personnel who have been detained and with releasing some bosnian muslim soldiers .
Yes exactly .
We agreed that we should free all u. n. personnel and completely recover our own relation to the unprofor and establish status quo before this crisis .
Then to release younger war prisoners of muslim side .
Then we said that we will immediately cease fire in the area of sarajevo and then open sarajevo airport for humanitarian and unprofor flights .
The airport has been closed for last couple of weeks because of the crisis with nato .
And finally we of course have been talking on the human rights and we certainly confirm that we are going to respect human rights in our future arrangements in our entity in former bosnia hercegovina .
Just to clarify unprofor being the u. n. peacekeeping operation the peacekeeping troops who are there in bosnia .
Why have you agreed to do this .
What do you expect to come out of this .
Well we have been looking forward to having this relation re established but there have been many many tensions because of nato bombing our territory and that was very good opportunity to talk to president carter and to discuss the situation and to confirm that now we are just about at a time to do some breakthrough .
And i do hope that we'll have president carter here visiting serb and muslim side very soon .
So for the occasion of that possibility i fully agreed with president carter to do many things to improve situation .
You say you hope that president carter will visit there in bosnia perhaps in pale .
Has he agreed to come .
Has president clinton signed off on a visit by president by former president carter .
Well i think president carter said that he is going immediately to inform president clinton about serbian acceptance serbian readiness to improve the situation and i do not have any doubt they will consult and i do hope after this consultation that president carter may come here and may help us to find a way out of this crisis as he used to do in somalia and north korea and elsewhere .
But at this moment it is not confirmed yet that mr. carter's going .
Is that right .
Well i think we can keep almost for sure that he is going to come .
And do you know when .
I think within next few days he would come to sarajevo and to pale to see both warring factions and to facilitate possible talks on the soon political settlement of the crisis .
Doctor karadzic i'm sure it wouldn't surprise you to know that some people in looking at these steps that your government is willing to take would say these are things that you have offered to do before and that this does not get at the heart of much of the problem in bosnia which would eventually have to include the relinquishing the agreement to relinquish some of the territory your troops have taken .
Well we are proposing an immediate end of the war but we know that the international community and the muslim side is fearing we are going to keep the whole territory that we now control .
We are ready to oblige that we are not going to keep the whole territory and we are going we are ready to negotiate territorial issues and establish immediate peace .
We are agreed to come back to the talks if we are equally treated as the muslim and croatian side .
Let me go over with you doctor karadzic while i have you these as i take notes six points .
One is that there would be free movement permitted of all u. n. convoys in bosnia .
Second that there would be a release of all u. n. personnel who are being detained or restrained .
Third .
Yes .
Is that correct .
Yeah but the second is first and first is second .
It's all the same .
All right .
All the same .
And then next any bosnian muslim soldiers who are under twenty years old would be released .
No nineteen nineteen .
Under the age of nineteen .
Yes .
And fourth there would be an immediate cease fire in sarajevo and in the surrounding area .
Yes and reopening all the sarajevo airport .
And sixth or rather fifth the reopening of the sarajevo airport and to remain open for how long a period of time .
For humanitarian and for unprofor flights and i do think it is going to be to stay open unlimited unless we get another strikes or another terrible crisis .
And finally we just saw there to guarantee human rights .
And what is your definition of that sir .
Well we are ready to accept all of the international norms and conventions on human rights and this is civil war and this is very difficult to achieve immediately and for everyone but we are committed to that to do it now and in future .
And since we do hope that we are approaching political settlement we would accept all of the international community conventions on human rights .
Doctor karadzic why do you believe it's necessary to bring former president carter into this .
There have been so many efforts to resolve the crisis in your country why now bring former president carter in .
Well as a matter of fact all groups and individuals that tried to mediate didn't treat serbian side equally and this is the best way not to resolve conflict just to <unk> only one side .
And i do think that president carter as a representative of america and possibly of president clinton made a great deal in somalia and north korea and we too think that that would be something different if he comes here and help and try to help us .
Well for example what do you expect to get in a negotiation that jimmy carter would be involved in that you have not received in the other efforts by either where there've been united states representatives lord owen and so many others who've tried to help get this situation resolved .
Our requests are very simple .
We want to be treated absolutely equally as the international community's treating the muslim croatian federation .
This federation has been formed in washington so we want to have the same rights as the muslim croatian federation and we want to have the right for self determination and sovereignty as muslim croatian federation has sovereignty and we want the right to confederate with neighboring states as muslim croatian federation has the right to confederate with croatia .
Simply we do not ask for anything except for what's the other side already has .
What about territory doctor karadzic .
How much territory that your side has captured are you prepared to relinquish to give up .
Well we own in terms of private ownership sixty four percent but we do not claim for all sixty four percent .
We control about seventy percent for the defense and strategic reasons .
I would rather not talk on a percentage because it means nothing .
I would rather talk on viability of states since we are going to have two states within former bosnia hercegovina let us talk about two viable states .
We are ready to help muslim croatian federation to be viable states and we do expect the others to accept our states to be viable .
And are you saying let me just make sure i understand this are you saying you're prepared to talk about the creation of a bosnian muslim entity that would be viable that would have the sort of connections to the outside world to neighboring countries that that state would need as well .
Yes absolutely otherwise we would not have a long lasting peace here .
So we are going to take all the interest of our neighbors and we are going to cooperate .
If we make a good long lasting solution we would be stable area .
Otherwise we would have long ongoing war .
Doctor karadzic did you attempt to do this to contact the clinton administration directly to talk to them about any of this or with any of your european neighbors or did you why again i'm trying to get at why jimmy carter .
Well we have been talking to many diplomats throughout the world .
Unfortunately so far it seems to us that america has been a little bit biased in favor of the muslims .
What i would like america is to not to take a side and to be absolutely impartial in order to help us to get out of this crisis .
Otherwise we would not get any solution and i do think that president carter in the capacity of possible american representative or president clinton representative will be and would be impartial .
Are you are you absolutely persuaded that if president carter were to come he would be speaking for the u. s. government .
Well i do hope that it would be in an accord with president clinton or at least president carter would inform president clinton what serbs are ready to accept .
And did you discuss this with former president carter with that particular aspect of it .
Yes i would discuss with president carter every possible affect and possibility to get out of this crisis .
I would present the serbian minimum requirements and needs and demands and i would present what we can swallow what we can accept .
So we know that this solution is going to be unjust but let's make it unjust equally and just to both sides .
Let's make it equally painful to both sides not only painful for the serbian side .
Let me just ask you finally .
I'm going to wrap up here doctor karadzic .
Why should the rest of the world take you seriously that you mean business now when the impression so many have had up until now is that you have not followed through on your commitments .
Well i would not agree with that since we should be trusted that we are not interested in a war .
Since we are ready to give back some territory why we would last this war longer .
And we haven't been listened to carefully .
We are claiming for an immediate peace and for a fair settlement but we haven't been listened to carefully and we have been only side under the pressure while the muslim side have been encouraged to go on with the fights .
All right .
And just quickly finally doctor karadzic again on these six points these are things that you are saying your side is prepared to do as long as negotiating talks are under way .
Is that correct .
Yes that's correct .
All right .
All right .
It is going to start tomorrow .
And this would all begin tomorrow including the cease fire in sarajevo the release of the u. n. troops the release of some of the young muslim soldiers and so forth .
Yes all of that would be achieved within next twenty four hours .
All right .
Well doctor radovan karadzic the leader of the bosnian serbs on the telephone with us from pale in bosnia we thank you for being with us .
