There was a lot of news this week about women and their careers .
The secretary of defense announced that women in the military will begin serving in some combat roles and all around the country thousands of girls went to work with their parents .
The point .
To encourage young women to pursue any career they want .
Of course some professions are still pretty difficult for women to break into .
Rachel <unk> chose one of the toughest .
Today she is one of a handful of women conducting a professional symphony orchestra .
As day one correspondent michel mcqueen reports <unk> is juggling a lot more than career and family .
Half a century ago when <unk> west virginia was a rowdy boom town the coal barons <unk> some culture .
In nineteen twenty nine they created a symphony orchestra .
Today <unk> is the smallest city in america to support a full sized symphony orchestra .
Oh there's another thing .
Its conductor is an unconventional forty four year old native new yorker maestra rachel <unk> .
When did you come to know that conducting was what you were meant to do .
When i was a young girl people would say to me what do you want to be when you grow up and i would say leonard bernstein .
And what was the reaction to that little girl .
Look it was the nineteen fifties .
Nobody was going to listen to a little girl saying she wanted to grow up and be a conductor .
Nevertheless as she grew up in suburban new york she studied piano guitar and <unk> .
She even sang in a rock band .
But whatever she tried the more she longed to return to her first love conducting .
She was nearly thirty before she found the courage to try .
She wrote letters to dozens of prominent conductors asking them to teach her .
Only one replied .
He wrote me back all in french and said dear ms. <unk> thank you very much for your letter i really appreciate getting it but a woman can't be a conductor .
She persisted and convinced him to take her on as a student .
He persisted too ending each lesson with the same words .
And i want you to remember one thing .
A woman cannot be a conductor .
A woman cannot be a conductor .
Yes .
I heard it every week .
From my teacher .
Today out of one thousand seven hundred orchestras in the united states only about forty are led by women and even when they do reach the podium old prejudices remain .
Did any of the musicians resist taking direction from you .
I was once guest conducting an orchestra .
A couple of musicians said that if i in fact were going to stand on the podium they would not play in the orchestra .
They walked out .
Mm hmm .
What did you do .
There wasn't anything really i could do .
I started the rehearsal .
Did they ever come back .
Number .
Two other musicians were hired in their place .
I still don't feel excuse me i still don't feel that you move into the second quarter of the first bar with the kind of elegance that we're looking for here .
Sing a little more .
Rachel has some ability to tell us and to through the baton get us to do some things that i don't think i've ever heard the orchestra do before .
Since rachel <unk> took over in nineteen eighty six ticket sales have tripled .
But conducting isn't what she's best known for in west virginia .
She has another more traditional job .
She is the state's first lady .
After a whirlwind romance she married the governor gaston <unk> in may of nineteen ninety .
So what made you decide to ask her out .
I mean she's not your typical gal you know you're not going to take her to the malt shop so i mean what what made you decide to ask her out .
Well i thought she was the i thought she was about the nicest woman i'd met in my life so i didn't want to mess up an opportunity like that .
I was intrigued by the fact that he seemed to have such a great appreciation of music .
I never imagined anybody gubernatorial frankly would know that much about music .
But while the governor was charmed not all of his constituents were .
She is the first lady but she is the second wife .
Four years ago at the governor's first inauguration he had another first lady on his arm .
For rachel <unk> filling her shoes would prove almost as hard as getting to the podium .
His first wife was very popular a very elegant well spoken woman west virginia native interested in the state and i think they were troubled by the break up .
And i might also add that i'm very happy to be divorced .
Yes i will be moving into the mansion as soon as we get married .
I know west virginians very very well and anybody who is unusual as she is becomes an object of very critical attention let us say .
Since becoming first lady she's been criticized in the local press for among other things her taste in clothes being too affectionate with her husband showing too little reverence at a public prayer and in general for having a superior new york attitude an attitude that may serve her well in the art world but has earned her mixed reviews in west virginia .
Well i have nothing but praise for both our governor and his wife .
I feel like she should take her husband's name if she's married to him regardless of her career .
She is still his wife .
She's cute and she seems to bring out the best in our governor <unk> .
I feel she's arrogant .
She's sort of come back down and get her feet back on the ground and i think she's out of touch .
I think the criticism that some people direct toward rachel is pure and simply politics .
You seem kind of angry about that .
Well that makes me really made .
I mean president clinton has had to deal with that you know people who can't get at a candidate and so they think well maybe i can get at the candidate by being critical of their wife .
My feelings get hurt in the same way that anybody else's feelings get hurt .
How do you turn it off so it doesn't hurt so much .
Music .
I play the piano .
I go into my study i pick up a score .
I return to the world in which i'm most comfortable from whence i came my world music .
She often returns to another familiar world her apartment overlooking new york's central park .
When we were in west virginia we asked you how do people see you here now that we're in new york how do you people see you here .
I feel rather invisible in new york .
I feel like i'm i think i'm just part of a crowd here .
She actually does stand out in the crowd in new york .
It is here that her world comes full circle .
She's replaced her childhood idol leonard bernstein as director of carnegie hall's youth concerts .
It is a way she says to pass on some of the joy and power she gets from music .
Some of these children live lives which are scarred by violence by extreme poverty but do you really think that concerts can save people .
Yes .
I've seen it .
I have seen music become the mother the missing mother .
I've seen music become the absent sister .
I have seen music take care of people .
But does the music world take care of all of its own .
Orchestras have accepted women as musicians as soloists for quite some time now .
Why is it that the barrier to the podium seems so hard to break .
I think in recent years with a few people like rachel getting real jobs conducting orchestras and proving to the world that some very beautiful music can be made with these women there are beginning to be slightly more opportunities .
But it's very difficult .
When do you think a woman might be at the head of one of the major new york orchestras .
I think it will be a while .
Rachel <unk> isn't waiting for the phone to ring .
She's pursuing opportunities when and where she can .
For the moment for rachel <unk> maestra and first lady the music is enough .
In a profound sort of way i'm the conduit between the composer and the orchestra .
I am the person through whom the <unk> work flows .
