The eleven day prison siege in ohio appears to be nearly over with a peaceful resolution .
The four hundred fifty or so inmates who have been barricaded inside a cell block and have been holding five hostages are expected to surrender at any time now .
C. n. n.'s carl rochelle is on the scene .
He's in <unk> ohio and he joins us for a live report .
Lou it's a little rainy here in <unk> ohio but we <unk> the rain to get the word from <unk> schwartz who is advising a cleveland ohio attorney who is advising the inmates here at the <unk> prison .
He said they were thrilled to be able to announce a peaceful resolution of the crisis .
But that does not mean it is all over yet .
There are still roughly four hundred fifty inmates who have been in l. block of this prison since easter sunday .
They have to come out .
What we are told will happen is that in one to two hours after the we were told about the announcement and that's been about an hour ago that we could see them come out of l. block of the prison we'd see them come through a courtyard .
And that's where we will see them on television going through the courtyard and then into a gymnasium .
In the gymnasium they will be processed .
That means that they will have all of the weapons that they had removed if they have any with them that they'll be searched and moved on through .
Part of that is because they will be observed there .
They will be observed by members of the clergy and o. k. i'm told in my ear that they are coming out now .
We'll see the people coming out .
They will go into the gymnasium where they will be processed .
There will be members of the clergy there and the attorney who represented them will be there .
There was a twenty one point agreement that brought this about .
Already one point is under contention .
It is item fourteen the item which said that there would be no reprisals against the inmates for anything that happened in there nor against inmate groups nor against their property .
But that does not attorney schwartz tells us mean that those involved in the brutal murders of seven inmates and one hostage will get off scot free .
The inmates understand that when a guard has been murdered no one's going to guarantee them that there will be no prosecutions and no discipline but they do expect that they will not be the victims of unlawful retaliation .
We are told that the first of the inmates have started coming out now .
There are roughly four hundred fifty to come out and one of the most important points of all there are five hostages still inside .
It won't be over until they are out and scot free .
