Philip morris to leave big apple over smoking ban .
On wall street the dow industrials giving their first winning performance in a week investors apparently putting the best face on a cautious situation .
Blue chips climbing despite anxiety that federal reserve policymakers tomorrow could boost interest rates for the sixth time this year .
Following a day of narrow trading the dow industrials finished with a gain of seventeen at a level of three thousand eight hundred forty nine .
The blue chips lost more than one hundred points last week on fears of higher interest rates .
Higher interest rates definitely having an effect on the housing market .
The climb in mortgage rates cooling demand for existing homes .
Sales falling one point eight percent in august the third decline in the last four months .
Looking out for the next several quarters i think clearly the worst is yet to come because you've used up pent up demand by people trying to rush in ahead of the increase in interest rates .
The probabilities are that the fed is going to give us one and most probably two rate increases before the end of the year .
Higher interest rates also threaten to slow the mortgage refinancing business which is already limping from earlier rate hikes .
That weakness has made mortgage companies ripe for takeover and the <unk> continue .
Two more today in florida barnett banks acquiring <unk> for three hundred thirty two million dollars and bank america buying new york based mortgage firm arbor national for one hundred eighteen million dollars .
Wall street unimpressed with that offer which many called low .
Arbor national stock losing four dollars and twenty five cents to fifteen and three quarters .
<unk> surging four and seven slash eights to twenty nine and one half .
Eastman kodak working a deal of its own shutting more of its non photographic business .
Kodak selling its household products line to britain's racket and coleman for one point five billion dollars .
The subsidiary part of kodak's l. and f. products division makes household brands <unk> mop and glow and resolve carpet cleaner among others .
The only big business left on kodak's non photo shelf l. and <unk> unit that makes <unk> and wood treatment products .
Philip morris throwing an early scare at new york city the food and tobacco giant reportedly threatening to leave the big apple if new york went through with a smoking ban in restaurants and other public places .
Kitty pilgrim joins me now with that report .
Kitty .
Jan according to morning newspaper reports philip morris was planning to vacate its posh park avenue digs and take two thousand jobs with it but by mid morning the marlboro maker faxed a statement saying it never threatened to leave the city it was merely considering the option .
At city hall the signs were clear new york is on the verge of banning all smoking in restaurants .
City councilman <unk> williams tried to keep the focus on health in heated hearings that swarmed with p. r. representatives from every possible industry .
This is not an anti business bill .
This is a health bill .
It concerns the health of the citizens of new york city and secondary smoke as some of the testimony received does have an adverse affect on the citizens of this city .
While the contestants were smoking mad the battle lines were anything but clear .
Restaurant opposition is accused of being in the pocket of big tobacco .
We're convinced that if adopted it means potentially as much as twenty five percent loss in business to new york's restaurants and taverns and new york is in a unique position to suffer because of the large number of foreign visitors to our city who have different smoking habits than say other americans .
But not all agree restaurant business would be lost .
According to studies by the university of california at san francisco smoke free ordinances in fifteen communities in the late eighties and nineties showed very little impact on restaurants .
But on tobacco sales the same researchers say new york city's cigarette sales could fall by one hundred million dollars a year .
Cigarette bans do cut smoking .
For example smoke free offices usually force one quarter of the workforce to quit and others to cut cigarette consumption by twenty percent .
New york is not the first city where such a ban is being considered but the battlefield here is a big one and many believe as the big apple goes so will the rest of the country .
Jan .
Thanks kitty .
When moneyline continues round and round she goes where she stops nobody knows .
