Welcome back to diplomatic license .
When important dignitaries arrive at the united nations there could be a motorcade a high level <unk> at the door and a lot of fanfare .
Our next guest didn't receive much of anything when he arrived for a meeting there this week but doctor luc <unk> is perhaps he's due more than most u. n. visitors .
He is credited with discovering the virus that causes aids .
Doctor welcome to the program .
Thank you .
Has the u. n. done enough regarding aids .
Well some united nations organizations have done a lot .
For example the world health organization has started very soon after the discovery of this new disease and the virus to do something .
But i think now the aids is a much bigger problem .
There are social economic consequences especially in poor countries .
So i think now the u. n. should be more involved than it was before .
Afsane .
Doctor could you explain more .
I think few people know that aids is no longer just the medical problem .
Could you explain the social and economic effects on developing countries .
Yes .
Since there is no medical solution we have to be very frank now despite all the very important efforts in research the master word is prevention education .
So we have to educate people how to inform them how aids is transmitted and not transmitted .
And this has to be done of course according to the cultural conditions in the countries .
It will be different in africa in europe you know the states in eastern asia for instance .
But since the situation is so dramatic now this prevention has not been working very well in many countries so many people have been infected .
There are millions of people perhaps dozens of millions infected in the world mostly in africa mostly in southeast asia now and those people will probably have aids in the coming years so they will disappear .
There was an aids conference this week in africa .
The problem is the worst there right .
Their problem is one of the worst yes .
What can the u. n. do .
Is the u. n. doing enough .
I mean why did you come to the u. n. this week .
I think for instance education should be done in a much stronger way and what i am proposing now actually is to try to coordinate the different actions of the u. n. organizations the who <unk> and even the u. n. as a whole to try to send some groups of actions in a country who need that including medical doctors but also educators and people taking into account all the social problems the economical problems .
For instance in uganda taking one example in uganda there are one million orphans children who have lost one of their parents and the aids impact is economical because those parents were active people and they died they just disappeared .
And this is a very dramatic consequence for the economy of the country which is really a very poor country .
Professor you and your team are credited with identifying the aids virus .
Of course the holy grail is a medical cure for aids .
Is that possible .
Do you think we're ever going to find a medical cure for aids .
I think we eventually will find something .
Of course it's not will be a miracle .
I think this will go progressively .
For instance we already learned a lot from the disease and the virus and this has led to new type treatments .
And there will be more treatments and new ways of treatments in the future .
Also there is the problem of the aids vaccines which is a very difficult one but we eventually could succeed in that but this will take time and we cannot wait .
So the problem is now to try to avoid the spreading of the virus by education .
I think this is really we must avoid .
Yeah you face a lot of opposition .
Let's talk about condoms .
I mean the vatican opposes you on this .
You've spoken out firmly on this yet no change ten years into this .
No but i think there are some change in the consensus of priests of some catholic priests and what i'm asking the vatican is not to promote the condom it is just to be neutral and not to prevent the condom campaigns .
I think we could achieve that eventually .
Well good luck in your efforts .
Doctor luc <unk> of the pasteur institute thank you very much for joining us here on diplomatic license .
Thank you .
As we said earlier doctor <unk> was at the u. n. this week .
Someone who passed by outside the u. n. was the man who told the general assembly a few months ago just say no a few times .
Of course he was talking about peacekeeping efforts .
