For the first time since the verdict a juror in the los angeles beating trial has spoken out .
Interviewed <unk> on c. n. n. yesterday she said she did not regret the panel's decision .
She said racism was never an issue in the trial or in the jury's deliberations .
And she explained how the jury believed rodney king had control over what happened to him after he was stopped by the police .
He had two companions in the car with him .
And when he finally did stop after a long pursuit the other two <unk> got out of the vehicle and were searched you know and handcuffed and put into vehicles to be taken for <unk> while rodney king tended to frolic around and make jokes apparently with everything and be very combative .
And i feel that the police did only what they had to do in order to get him under control .
Well the u. s. government isn't yet convinced of that and may take up the rodney king case where the jury left off .
The justice department is investigating whether the four l. a. police officers denied king his civil rights by using excessive force .
We get more from c. n. n.'s anthony collings .
The police beating of rodney king could lead the bush administration to make a federal case out of it .
The president has ordered his attorney general to speed up an investigation .
What we are looking at is whether there was intentional infliction of excessive force to con which may constitute a violation of the civil rights laws .
Federal civil rights laws provide up to ten years in prison and a ten thousand dollar fine for conspiracy to deprive a person of his civil rights .
Associate attorney general wayne budd the justice department's number three official heads the new investigation .
With regard to the rodney king matter the jury verdict yesterday is not the last step .
Budd and a team of prosecutors will review the state trial before deciding whether to indict the police on federal charges .
The f. b. i. will investigate again as it did before it was interrupted by the state prosecution .
We had conducted and completed our preliminary investigation .
At that point it was stopped and subject to the oversight of the department of <unk> civil rights division we will begin again .
Among precedents for federal investigations in the past was the nineteen sixty four murder of three civil rights workers in mississippi .
A sheriff and a deputy were convicted of conspiring to violate their civil rights .
The incident formed the basis for the film mississippi burning .
Among more recent case in oakland california last year four housing authority police were indicted on federal civil rights conspiracy charges .
Since october eighty eighth we in the department of justice have brought charges against one hundred twenty three law enforcement officers for police brutality .
That includes officers in i believe twenty three jurisdictions .
Our conviction rate is running approximately seventy five percent .
The justice department is under political pressure to move fast in the rodney king case .
We demand some swift action and some effective action .
Mayor tom bradley of los angeles praised the president and his attorney general for <unk> the federal investigation .
But whether the new legal moves will be enough to help defuse the situation on the streets is still far from certain .
