Organic food is supposed to be healthy but some natural pesticides and fertilizers used in growing organic foods can be dangerous .
The u. s. department of agriculture is expected to change the definition of organic to allow farmers to use some unnatural materials to grow organic food .
Kathleen koch has more .
Powdered flowers as pesticide a tropical tree extract to kill rodents they're some of the natural products farmers rely on to grow organic fruits and vegetables .
But the powdered flowers kill good bugs too and the tree extract <unk> kills raccoons <unk> and other <unk> .
The department of agriculture says that's proof that natural isn't always best .
There's a lot of natural harmful carcinogens in the in nature that exist no such thing as a completely zero tolerance you know safe for all things and all time .
The u. s. d. a. is expected by next october to release its definition of what qualifies as organic and unlike the standards used in most states today it won't require one hundred percent natural materials in either the product or in the field .
Well in many cases organic farmers will not be able to produce organic if you call it one hundred percent organic .
In fact many organic farmers use synthetic materials .
Haley says though synthetic materials are sometimes safer than organic ones .
But one consumer group fears the new standards could water down the purity people now expect in organic foods .
I think that the department of agriculture has really wanted to be really as all encompassing so that they would continue to encourage some pesticides to be used .
We in the consumer and environmental community feel that it has to be stricter .
Health food stores say some of their customers won't buy the products if the definition of organic changes .
They'll only buy organic .
They don't want any chance of getting any non natural substances in their body .
I really think the more natural the better .
But others believe that if the new u. s. d. a. standards make organic food cheaper and more <unk> they're worth it .
Yes if the price would go down and then everyone would be happy because we'd all be eating organically and health .
So when it comes to synthetic materials and organic foods just say no could change next year to yes .
