New information is being released concerning the assassination of president john f. kennedy .
The american medical association is holding a news conference in new york and we take you there live .
Was written by mr. <unk> .
The physicians agreed to speak with j. a. m. a. because it is a respected medical publication .
Most had declined interviews for twenty eight years nearly twenty nine .
Doctors <unk> and boswell specified that they wanted the report to be in the worldwide medical literature in which of course j. a. m. a. is premier .
They state that these j. a. m. a. articles are their story and that they do not plan to give further interviews .
Based upon solid unequivocal forensic evidence as reported by mr. <unk> in the may twenty seventh j. a. m. a. i can state without concern or question my agreement with doctors <unk> and boswell that president kennedy was struck and killed by two and only two bullets fired from one high velocity rifle .
The first bullet entered the back of the neck and exited the front of the throat .
The abrasion collar of the skin at the back of the neck is diagnostic of a wound of entrance .
The second bullet entered the back of the head and exploded the right side of the head destroying the brain with a surely lethal wound .
The inward <unk> of the bone at the back of the skull and the outward <unk> at the front is diagnostic of the direction of the <unk> path .
Thus both bullets struck from behind .
No other bullets struck the president .
A single assassin fired both bullets .
The eyewitness accounts and the scientific forensic evidence are <unk> .
Here are further specific points .
The body was illegally moved after death from dallas to bethesda over the strong protests of doctor earl rose the responsible dallas pathologist and medical examiner .
Murder of course is a state crime .
The pathologists in bethesda were as military physicians professionally in charge of the autopsy and made their findings independent of government interference and in good faith as medical professionals .
The body was received in bethesda in a bronze casket not in a body bag .
There is no evidence that anyone altered the state of the body between the dallas trauma room and the autopsy room .
Specifically the <unk> site was at autopsy as it was at death .
There was no conspiracy as regards the autopsy its findings or its report .
The autopsy findings cannot state which one person fired the rifle whether there were other shots that missed or whether lee harvey oswald worked with the new orleans mob or the c. i. a. or fidel castro or anybody else .
You can't tell that from the autopsy .
The movie j. f. k. is primarily <unk> film fiction but is a grave insult to the military physicians involved as well as to pathologists in this country in general to navy medicine and a whole lot of other innocent people as well .
The recent crenshaw book called j. f. k. a conspiracy of silence is a sad fabrication based upon unsubstantiated allegations .
In my opinion the best explanations for the motivation of the myriad conspiracy theorists are four p's paranoia desire for personal recognition public visibility and profit .
The four p's .
We add our voices to those who've <unk> the government to open the archives to serious study and to work with the national museum of health and medicine at the armed forces institute of pathology in washington to place the relevant kennedy materials on permanent display near those of president lincoln for full viewing by any and every one .
We hope that this presentation today and mr. <unk> two j. a. m. a. articles will help to calm the <unk> of the honest conspiracy theorists who have simply not had access to the facts .
We further hope that an entire generation that has been fed <unk> fiction on this matter as if it were truth will no longer be misled .
Thank you very much .
Mr. <unk> statement .
Doctor lundberg has covered well the essential findings of fact .
I will only add why we have pursued this story for so long .
For years the public has been hearing from people who were not in trauma room one in dallas and were not in the autopsy room in bethesda and yet who have claimed to know what must have happened during the medical care of president kennedy .
What we now have are the reports of the physicians who were on the scene the physicians who carried the primary hands on responsibility to first try to save the president's life and then only hours later to determine the cause of death .
We now have the facts about these two critical events in the words of the only people who know those facts those very facts the conspiracy theorists have chosen to ignore .
It has been said that the <unk> of the truth can only be confronted and defeated by the truth .
This special report is j. a. m. a.'s attempt to confront the <unk> of the truth .
Thank you .
We'll distribute the press kits now give you a few minutes to review the material and then doctor lundberg and mr. <unk> will be available for your questions .
You've been listening to doctor george lundberg editor of the journal of the american medical association discussing the fact that two pathologists who had declined to speak publicly for twenty eight years have decided to speak out in an article through j. a. m. a. .
And the two doctors were pathologists at the autopsy the assassination of john f. kennedy .
They are doctor j. j. <unk> and doctor j. thornton boswell both of them confirming warren commission findings that two bullets from one high velocity rifle killed the president and that those bullets entered from behind at the back of the head that there were no other bullets fired and that the president was killed by a single assassin .
The conspiracy theories that were put forth by film director oliver stone in the movie j. f. k. were disqualified by these doctors .
