In the new comedy the <unk> judy davis and kevin <unk> play a couple whose marriage is on the rocks .
When their marriage counselor proves ineffective the end up getting advice from an unlikely source gus the cat burglar played by comedian turned actor denis leary .
Bill tush has more .
After leaving the scene of a botched burglary denis leary's character gus takes a couple hostage while he waits for the heat to die down .
What he doesn't realize is that he's unwittingly become drafted into the role of the <unk> .
Just turned into a nightmare .
And he basically ends up being held hostage by this family psychologically tormented and willing basically to turn himself in at one point because they just will not shut up .
And while gus is nowhere near as villainous as the killer leary portrayed in judgment night the actor says it's still a kick playing evil .
Bad guys can be good because they're sometimes more interesting than the good guys .
But then again that depends on the part i guess in the film .
Casting leary in the <unk> was long time friend slash director ted demme .
Demme last worked with leary on the feature film who's the man .
Previous to that demme created the m. t. v. spots based on material from leary's one man act .
That catapulted the quick witted comedian into the spotlight .
It feels great you know .
I'm rich .
Number .
You are .
Oh you didn't know that .
How about that twenty .
We'll talk about that later .
Yeah it feels good but also you know it's hard work .
As for working together on the <unk> .
It's a nightmare .
It was we really had to carry him on our shoulders like a dead weight you know from beginning to end .
Basically i can beat him up so that's really the reason we work well together is he's a tall skinny guy .
I'm a little thicker .
And he's bigger than me .
I think that's what it really get down to .
That's basically how it works .
I can beat him up .
One thing that leary and demme do agree on is the <unk> take on the ups and downs of being married .
Don't do it .
Don't do it .
Do it but watch out .
Do it but wear a helmet .
Do it but wear a helmet .
You're going to get married with a helmet .
Do it and make sure the cops are nearby at all times .
