The latest a survey shows consumers are more confident and economists expect new signs today of greater economic growth in the first quarter .
Joining us this morning is david jones chief economist of aubrey g. lanston .
He's going to tell us what it all means .
First of all david do you believe the consumer confidence figures .
They're rising but most of the surveys precede the los angeles riots and the rise in oil prices .
Consumer confidence is improving deborah .
And i thinks it's true in all surveys university of michigan we just heard about the conference board all the key consumer surveys people feel better .
Gradually .
They're not it's not a boom .
People aren't going spend without checking prices carefully .
Some people still have trouble getting credit .
But on balance this economy's going to do well .
The government today is supposed to release its final estimate of gross national product gross domestic product for the first quarter and they're expected to revise it up again .
Would you see that as sign of really more robust recovery or do you think the extra production just ended up in inventories .
I think that's the latter case .
I wouldn't put much weight on the first quarter .
I think we may be up somewhere between two and one half and three percent compared with the first estimate of two percent .
But nobody bought what was produced .
But that was not the key .
The key is going to be the second quarter .
And we stuart and i have debated that for some time .
And stuart's right .
I don't like to admit that on the show but the second quarter's going to be good three percent and maybe even a good third quarter .
So i'm conceding ground to stuart on this economy .
Yeah i was about to say exactly that because you were very pessimistic earlier in the year .
You did talk about a weak economic performance .
Now you're talking about a more robust economy .
You've changed your forecast haven't you .
You have not let me forget that .
Don't need to show your shoes .
Well you're on videotape saying and that's always a mistake you know .
It's dangerous stuart .
Go on .
But the answer is things are better .
Consumers are better .
Look at auto sales in the domestic auto sales in the middle ten days of may six point seven million units up from five point seven in the previous ten day period .
If that kind of selling rate keeps up we're going to see more auto production more jobs .
Generally what we've got is the seeds of recovery are here .
It's still not going to be a boom and i'll stick with that view .
Three percent is still half of what normal recoveries are .
But .
But it's their and it's here to stay .
But three percent three three and one half percent growth without inflation with interest rates staying fairly low is exactly what every economist really wants for the american economy is it not .
It's exactly what the stock market has been betting on stuart .
That's what's been holding the stock market quite high .
But where do get this from three percent real growth with no inflation .
We've just seen oil prices go up rather significantly .
I've heard some estimates that indicate that could add a point to the inflation rate .
If we're going to see stronger economic growth and a rising inflation rate why is the bond market rallying .
Why are yields coming down .
They key deborah is the bond market has not been doing that well .
In essence what we're doing is we're sort of in a trading range .
We rally down to something like seven and seven eighths or seven and three quarters on the thirty year treasury and then slip back up above eight percent as soon as we see recovery .
And that's the rub .
If we have recovery we're going to end up with higher inflation .
Oil prices already <unk> up and other prices of industrial commodities have been moving higher .
So they won't go up as fast as normal since the economy is recovering slowly but the answer is this we've seen the best inflation news .
So what goes on is the economy recovers inflation begins to creep higher and long term interest rates drift higher .
So it's not all good news through .
But the high yields fell yesterday in spite of all this .
Why .
Well generally that was just a quick rally .
Remember we had a we the bond market was given all financial markets were given a shock when we found out the federal reserve on may nineteenth had decided not to ease policy in contrast with the market expected .
The bond market is really just basically in a trading range .
David they are about to play our song which means we're out of time .
So we've got to go to commercial break .
We'll see you next friday .
Many thanks .
