I'm jim moret in los angeles .
Attorneys are apparently out of chambers now .
Judge lance ito is once again in his courtroom although not all of the attorneys are back in the courtroom .
O. j. simpson is not back either but let's just resume our conversation with what's going on .
What the defense and prosecution are trying to work out is a deal one to hold the d. n. a. hearings .
The defense wants to forego a separate kelly frye hearing and have the d. n. a. evidence presented before the jury .
The prosecution on the other hand says that those issues may simply confuse the jurors and they want to have a separate kelly frye hearing first .
Also on the issue of the jail house statement you recall the jail house statement which was overheard judge lance ito is speaking let's just listen in to the courtroom right now .
Sean talked to me about <unk> but didn't mention who mckenna was .
All right when you talk to me about one and then add to names yeah .
You see defense attorney gerald uelmen johnnie cochran junior and robert shapiro arrive inside the courtroom along with o. j. simpson .
Once again regarding the jail house statement issue judge lance ito has said that he will issue his ruling on that on monday .
All right back on the record in the simpson matter the defendant is again present before the court with his counsel mr. shapiro mr. uelmen mr. thompson .
The people represented by mr. harmon and mr. clark the record should reflect that the court and counsel retired to chambers to discuss <unk> off the record an attempt to reach a compromise proposal regarding this issue of the various kelly hearings that need to be conducted with regards to the various d. n. a. testing procedures that have been pursued by the prosecution in this case .
We have been unable to reach any distinct resolution today .
Both parties suggested to the courts certain made to the courts certain proposals two of which i'm going to contemplate .
I will issue a ruling in writing by the close of business monday because i realize that time is of the essence depending on which way the court rules to prepare plan get your witnesses together and i'll give some thought to the proposals that we discussed in chambers .
All right anything else that we need to discuss on the record this afternoon .
Just one thing in brief your honor .
With regard to the order submitted by miss chapman the other name was apparently mr. mckenna who is one of our investigators .
I just resolved that with miss chapman .
You did .
Thank you very kindly your honor .
One other thing we'd like to resolve on the record .
I was informed by mr. darden that with respect to the record we were making on the discovery abuse yesterday .
He was under the <unk> that the transcripts we were talking about that were delivered to us on thursday at four o'clock were the transcripts of tapes that we had already received .
We want the record to be clear that we have never received any tapes of any of these conversations that the first time we became aware of the interviews was when we received these transcripts at four o'clock on thursday and i believe mr. darden can confirm that .
Your honor i should inform the court and the defense as well that on the issue of discovery we are in the process of preparing for delivery of the cowlings file and it consists of approximately two thousand eight hundred pages of material .
All right and when will that be available for delivery to defense counsel .
Five o'clock .
So just so we're clear scheduling wise we're due to come back on january the fourth and we will take up discovery issues .
I anticipate probably a sanctions motion .
We will have the jury back and we will determine at that time what the prognosis looks like for the hearings the various hearings that we have to undertake .
All right anything else .
All right counsel if you would have one representative remain behind .
I received another report from deputy downs that i'd like to provide each of you with a <unk> of .
All right we'll be in recess .
Counsel and counsel and all of our friends have a nice holiday .
Again the court is in recess now until january fourth .
We'll take a short break and be back with our legal analysts to discuss today's events right after this .
We will have a full wrap up of the day's events in the simpson trial at eight p. m. eastern .
