The branch davidian complex in waco texas goes up in flames .
In less than an hour there is total devastation .
The f. b. i. says we must assume massive loss of life .
From a. b. c. this is world news tonight with peter jennings .
Good evening .
In waco texas tonight fifty one days after the standoff at the branch davidian compound began they are searching for bodies .
It was just after noon today in waco when first the smoke and then suddenly the flames made it clear that something horrible was happening .
The f. b. i. has said that nothing it did started the fire that cult members themselves deliberately touched it off .
David koresh and ninety five of his followers were inside seventeen of them children under ten years old .
Tonight only eight people are known to have survived .
David koresh is not among them .
We begin in waco with a. b. c.'s charlie murphy .
Just before dawn armored vehicles began punching holes in the compound walls and roof .
They used a boom mounted in front of abrams tanks and inserted a nozzle in the opening .
Non lethal <unk> was pumped in in fifteen second bursts .
This continued all morning .
The davidians were known to have gas masks but even the best masks would lose effectiveness after eight hours and the f. b. i. planned to do this all day .
Authorities said it was another turn of the screw .
We're using non lethal means .
We are not assaulting the place .
We had no f. b. i. agents go into the compound even though we have probably had over two hundred rounds of ammunition fired at us .
No agents were hit and the f. b. i. did not return the fire .
Six hours into the operation flames could be seen pouring out of a second story window and person appeared on the roof to the left of the flames .
The f. b. i. said its agents saw two men start the fires .
Moments later another fire broke out on the other side of the compound .
The flames were whipped by winds of twenty to thirty miles an hour .
The building went up like <unk> .
A woman in flames was seen coming out of the compound and tried to run back into the building .
An f. b. i. agent exited his armored vehicle ran toward the building and physically rescued the female despite her attempts to fight him off .
Fire trucks were not able to get close to the fire .
Koresh had often predicted a doomsday scenario and warned that f. b. i. agents would be devoured by fire if they tried to harm him but it's said suicide wasn't contemplated .
We never went in .
We did not introduce fire into this compound .
It was not our intention that this compound be burned down .
I can't tell you the shock and the horror that all of us felt when we saw those flames coming out there .
It was oh my god they're killing themselves .
Late this afternoon the search for bodies was begun but only a few have been found .
They have found no sign of koresh .
The f. b. i. says it was told the children could be found in the bunker but their bodies weren't there .
They think now as a final act david koresh put his seventeen children in the tower then ordered the building set on fire .
Charles murphy a. b. c. news near waco .
The f. b. i. says that only child has survived the flames to the best of their knowledge .
Also among the eight who survived were two british citizens and an australian .
The most seriously burned survivors were <unk> to a hospital in dallas eighty eight miles away .
Here's a. b. c.'s linda pattillo .
Three of the injured cult members were brought by helicopter to parkland memorial hospital in dallas .
Two of them both women are listed in critical condition with third degree burns over nearly half their bodies .
Two other survivors one at the dallas hospital and a fourth at a local hospital in waco reportedly had minor burns .
As the search continued for any other survivors anxious relatives waited for word .
Sam <unk> wife and five children were inside the compound .
There's no way that they will escape that .
At least they should have had some fire brigade standing by .
They should anticipated what this man would do .
So far his family members are not among those known to have survived .
Those survivors being treated here are also considered suspects and they are under police guard .
Linda pattillo a. b. c. news .
The f. b. i. has certainly not heard the last of this .
Already there are washington politicians calling for a full investigation .
From the very outset fifty one days ago there has been second guessing .
Here's our law correspondent tim o'brien .
The problems began almost immediately .
Four agents of the bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms were shot to death when they tried to serve a search warrant for illegal weapons .
Cult leaders apparently knew they were coming and the agents were badly outgunned .
I don't think there's really anything they did wrong .
Like i said they had bigger guns than we did .
As the standoff continued nothing the f. b. i. did seemed to work including bombarding the compound with sound everything from cows to tibetan chants .
Throughout the fifty one day siege the f. b. i. seemed aware of the potential for disaster .
We're very concerned as part of koresh's grand scheme that he would like to see a large number of his people die which would be justification for his pronouncements and be a fulfillment of the scriptures .
He has more of a charles manson mentality you know and i do see him as eventually becoming very violent if he's pushed in a corner .
I approved the plan and i'm responsible for it .
I advised the president but i did not advise him as to the details .
Attorney general janet reno late this afternoon defended the decision even though it ended in disaster .
I think the f. b. i. in this situation has shown remarkable restraint .
I think they did not lose their patience .
I think they carefully thought this out developed it as part of a coherent and continuing plan .
But there are still questions tonight about how seriously authorities considered the possibility of mass suicide particularly in light of the mass suicides fifteen years ago of nine hundred eleven members of another religious cult in jonestown <unk> .
Several congressional committees are considering holding hearings on how the standoff was handled whether additional steps should have been taken to minimize the loss of life with at least ranking congressman suggesting the f. b. i. just ran out of patience .
Tim o'brien a. b. c. news washington .
As we said a moment ago the f. b. i. has not heard the end of this nor surely has the clinton administration as a whole .
Let's go to the white house now and talk to our white house correspondent brit hume .
Seen from there what was it that made them think they had to go now and that the f. b. i. had to make these moves .
Peter yesterday the attorney general telephoned the president here at the white house and made the case to him for this operation basically citing three concerns .
One is the feeling from the people on the ground down there that negotiations were not going to work and that they had run their course second the danger of what they feared was continuing sexual and other physical abuse of the children and the possibility of some kind of a mass suicide and finally the feeling that the team of agents and other law enforcement officials on the ground who were manning the perimeter so called down there were at the end of their rope in the sense of being very very tired and because of special training not easily replaceable .
And therefore the attorney general told the president it was build by everyone that it was time to move and the president as janet reno later reported said okay .
Brit in purely political terms there have been some questions about whether the white house was avoiding its responsibility for this .
Well the word here has been all along about this whole operation that the president had ceded operational control to the justice department .
And again today the president was portrayed as basically <unk> in the decision rather than having it be his plan and with him directly calling the shots .
However all questions about whether the president did take responsibility for the operation have been answered yes it is his administration he is the president he is ultimately responsible .
Okay .
Brit hume thanks very much at the white house this evening .
