Well like it or not plenty of people curse these days .
But how often does somebody go to prison for it .
C. n. n.'s pat etheridge reports that is exactly what happened to a george teenager .
Christopher sims denies doing anything wrong .
But he says even if he had he didn't deserve to go to prison .
They're just gonna send me to prison for cursing .
Number .
He says it was a fellow student who was mouthing off in class .
But sims was the one blamed and suspended .
When he told school officials he didn't have any way to get home they called the sheriff to give him a ride .
He was very disruptive .
He was also using obscene languages a lot of four letter words .
He ended up in the courtroom of judge john <unk> .
The stern seventy something magistrate found sims guilty of <unk> conduct and sentenced him to sixty days in prison .
Sims says he was not read his rights or allowed to make a phone call .
So far the judge isn't commenting on the case .
But civil rights activists say a careful study of the judge's rulings shown a pattern of abuse of power a history of racial discrimination .
And they say after two decades on the bench its time for judge <unk> to go .
Critics have filed a formal complaint with the george judicial qualifications commission calling for <unk> ouster .
He dates back to the old <unk> past .
He comes to <unk> county in nineteen ninety four with attitudes that existed in this county very openly back in the nineteen forty's and fifty's and early sixty's .
Sims spent a week at the <unk> county prison camp before being released .
Charges against him were dropped after he agreed not to sue county officials .
He's now at home with his family .
What he did to my son that scar him for the rest of his life .
He always remember that .
I mean a man gotta a right to be heard even if he a murderer he got a right to tell his side .
Christopher sims says the experience has let him angry and bitter .
They took my rights .
At seventeen after a run in with the law he's out of school and says he's running out of hope .
