We're continuing our conversation on whether or not rogues make better politicians than saints .
Now during this debate last night at oxford who won .
Rogues of course two to one we trounced them .
Easily .
You were pro saint what's you're response to that .
No i have my view is i wanted to be there when the saints went marching out and i stuck to that .
And we retired in reasonably good order .
And i said look stay with the saints because they're more vulnerable .
You can attack the saints .
People won't trust the saint .
They may trust a rogue because the word rogue if you notice in journalism is never used without the word likable which is a very very suspicious word .
When you hear the word likable especially when attached to the word rogue reach for your whatever protective gear you happen to be using .
Don't buy a car from this man .
But the vote went for the argument that the issue was leadership or no leadership .
It was a question of whether or not one had the skill to make the important changes and the important policy that is necessary as opposed to having no leadership but a blameless private life .
Well i'm just going to butt in .
If vanity fair brought you all over here and sponsored this debate obviously it's because something that everybody likes to talk about .
I mean it's something we all find interesting .
But seriously in our hearts of hearts looking at the general voters do you think just to change this a bit do you think there's a difference in the way americans perceive this than britons .
I think americans are much more hypocritical and puritanical than the brits on this .
But you know look we have to look at this question because we've dealt with it in our own history .
Now the truth is that franklin and eleanor roosevelt had what by today's rights would be an arrangement not a real marriage as we would say today .
But yet it was the most fruitful partnership in american history between a husband and a wife .
Today we have a blameless character and his wife the most beloved figure in america today he uses her as a political human shield wherever he goes .
What does that say about character .
And what positive effect has any of this had .
This is a different issue and we have dealt with it in our history and we have to look at our own history .
All right .
What do you say .
Well because i'm an english exile living in america i feel reluctant to say but actually do think that the english are slightly more grown up about it .
I mean in other words you mention <unk> and major earlier one could have added paddy <unk> sp who's the only party leader to have got into a spot of bother on the morality front .
So his figures if i can still employ the expression shoot up on that basis .
Now that certainly wouldn't happen in america .
There'd be a lot wise nodding and <unk> about this and a lot of pulling of the chin about political candidates cannot be trusted .
The fact is that when i meant what i said earlier about the banana <unk> of politics that's going on now .
In a banana republic you're constantly reassured by pictures of the leader with his family with his children with his animals who are being patted and so on .
The illusion is he lives just like you do .
But you don't in fact have a secure stable family life either because you're living in a banana republic that has a rather tyrannical person on top of it .
So it's a mutual exchange of <unk> and hypocrisy .
I have to interrupt you because we've got to conclude here .
Very briefly .
I was just hitting my stride .
Very briefly it almost seems that you're arguing against the saints as strongly as you're arguing against the rogues .
Saints couldn't <unk> in that way see .
Saints would say i come before you as someone who's suffered someone who has purified through struggle someone who can't be impeached in these ways and so on .
It would set an impossible standard .
It would not be people being enlisted in a collective lie which is what's happening to us now .
Depressing thought .
Well we have to accept that we live in a fallen state in a way .
And that in order to make these changes in order to deal with these realities what's happened as a result of not dealing with them is that we see them manipulated .
And politics itself has become toxic so that we're not dealing with anything and seeking after false <unk> .
Well on that note gentlemen thank you very much .
