From the tabloids to the mainstream media much is being said about nicole brown simpson .
But which of these tales is true .
Her friends say not much .
They object to what they call a distortion of nicole as a wild <unk> or a drug user or a <unk> mother .
And one of those friends is here with us tonight .
Ron hardy spent a lot of time with nicole simpson in recent years .
The day after the murders he found himself cleaning the blood from her front walk .
A few days later he was a <unk> bearer at her funeral .
And tonight he wants to set the record straight to share his insight and memories of his friend nicole .
In a moment we'll be joined on the phone by another friend of nicole's keith zlomsowitch whose name o. j. shouted on those infamous nine hundred eleven tapes .
First we welcome ron hardy .
How did you meet nicole ron .
I was introduced i'm in the restaurant business so i knew her through those circles .
But chris and bruce jenner introduced me to her .
They were very close friends of hers .
And you became friends right away .
Right .
She actually when i moved to brentwood she had moved into the first house she lived in brentwood .
This was a <unk> friendship .
Absolutely .
Did you live close by .
About the first time the first house probably about a mile .
And the second house about two hundred yards .
You know o. j. pretty well too .
I mean i met him through her .
And i didn't really see him a whole lot in the whole scheme of things .
When you met her were they divorced already or about .
They were separated .
Separated and about to be divorced .
Right .
What kind of person was she .
She was just a very dynamic very fun just loved to have a good time kind of woman .
I mean those are the kind of people that i i like to be with when i'm not at work because i mean i run a club and i see everything that comes through hollywood all the time .
And she was a person that that it was nice for me to spend time with when i was off work .
Would you say she was a non hollywood type in that regard or not .
Not necessarily .
I mean she was you know she spent a great deal of her time being in a hollywood situation .
But given her preferences i think she enjoyed not being in the spotlight .
Well what do you make of this book coming out media stories pictures tabloids .
What do you make of it .
It's ironic because she was the kind of person that really didn't like that part of her life .
I mean the limelight part of her life was not the part that she enjoyed .
And she stayed out of it quite a bit .
And it's ironic now that this whole thing has been made such a circus .
I mean even going to court and stuff i mean one of her favorite pastimes was she chewed gum a lot .
And we can't chew gum in the courtroom .
It's a very ironic situation .
Why do you go to court every day .
The family asked me if i would join them in that .
And a lot of times they can't go .
And also too i mean i i go for the goldmans as well .
They both live really far away .
And they asked you to be a <unk> bearer too the parents .
Her parents did yes yes .
Did you meet o. j. at the funeral .
I spoke to him briefly yes .
What did he say .
He just he hugged me briefly and told me you know thank you for being her friend or something along those lines .
But i mean he sort of <unk> .
How did you learn of her death .
I was i had dinner plans with her the next day .
For monday .
For monday night .
And that morning i got out of the shower and chris jenner called me crying .
She was hysterical because she was .
She was supposed to have lunch with her right .
Right .
She was supposed to have lunch .
And they thought it was me because .
Oh you mean the other person dead they said ron .
And most of my friends .
I mean my father even heard all he heard was a male companion .
And i had spoken to him over the weekend .
And a lot of people just assumed that it was me because and then when it came out that he was in the restaurant business that he lived in brentwood and his name was ron .
So it was chris that told you .
Yes .
What was the first thought you had .
I just i dropped literally i dropped to my knees and i said are you kidding me at first it was thought that she had been shot .
And i i thought that she was in the hospital .
And even before that i thought they said his ex wife and i thought maybe it was his first wife .
I mean that's just what i that was my first reaction .
During those first hours shock of course the death of a close friend .
Did you at all tie o. j. to this .
Or did you think of him as in chicago and having nothing to do with it .
No i didn't know where he was but i i wondered where he was .
Did you think of him early really .
My first reaction was one of yeah where was he .
That he would do this .
That gets into a really difficult area .
I mean i i'm not going to lie and say i didn't think that .
Number .
That was probably my first reaction .
Therefore did she tell you that she'd been having problems of a nature that were physical .
Right .
I mean i i had known of the eighty nine situation at new year's eve and i was <unk> of the fact that he he had a power over her in terms of you know i saw her phone conversations with him or you know after he just left i'd come over and she would be in a certain mood .
I mean he had .
You had to clean up .
You cleaned up .
Yeah .
Why you .
It just it was something that that was there .
We went to the house to try to get some of her belongings together .
And her <unk> ralph had gone out there and he sort of started to do it .
And it was it just there was cameramen and people from you know .
What are we watching there .
That's that's her brother ralph .
I mean he started doing i mean there was people taking pictures of us doing that .
I i sort of in a it's a horrible thing to say but these people were watching me do this and i'm i mean that was the life that made my friend special and i'm having to do this in front of these people from wherever they were from .
And i wished that on each and every one of them .
I looked at one of the cameramen and i just said can i make this easier for you .
Would you like me to you know pose for you or something and he put his camera away and left .
What about the kids .
Did you handle moving any of the kids' furniture .
Yeah we moved pretty much most of the stuff out of the house all at one time .
We're going to take a break and come back with ron hardy .
And when we come back we'll be joined on the phone his first appearance since all of this by keith zlomsowitch .
Friend of yours too right .
Yeah .
Who was a romantic boyfriend of nicole simpson's and was mentioned on the nine hundred eleven tape .
We'll be right back .
We're back on larry king live with ron hardy and keith zlomsowitch with us on the phone .
Are you there keith .
Yes i am .
O. k. before we ask some questions of keith a couple of quick things i want to cover with you .
When o. j. hugged you at the funeral was it a shock to you .
I actually went over to see a kid .
A kid sort of <unk> me over .
And it was a bit of a shock yeah .
Because he wasn't close to you or .
I mean i don't know him that well .
But i mean i felt i just went over to see the children and it was just it just kind of happened .
I mean it wasn't a planned thing .
When the chase was going on i was sitting here anchoring that chase .
I was in washington .
Never had an experience like it .
Where were you during this scene .
I was at i was at actually during this i was at the condo all day and .
Nicole's condo .
At nicole's condo .
And keith was at my house which is right next door .
And from the time it took me to get from nicole's house to my house that's when they found him on the freeway .
It was a very bizarre time .
Boy that had to be crazy .
So you were watching it all from nicole's .
Well yeah .
I mean he we thought he was coming here so i i called nine hundred eleven in the morning and got sort of the whole thing started i guess .
But it was it was insane .
Keith zlomsowitch with us by phone .
Why have you finally decided to make some sort of public utterance keith .
Well a lot of things have been said about nicole over this period of time and by ron coming on programs and trying to set the record a little bit straight .
I thought maybe it was time that i spoke a little bit .
O. k. .
Let's ask some questions .
O. k. .
How long were you romantically involved .
It was a short period of time with nicole two or three months romantically .
Was it something kind of a love at first sight .
Were you attracted to each other right away .
It was for me .
And for her do you think .
I believe that she cared about me .
And we had a good relationship .
We became very good friends .
We spent a lot of time together .
A lot has been made of the romantic involvement but i think more should be made of the friendship that developed out of that .
If you hear some clicks there is bad weather where keith is .
And keith has been bombarded a lot so we're not going to tell you where he is .
But there is bad weather where he is .
The press has been after you right keith .
Yes they have .
O. k. .
When you met her they were separated but not divorced .
That is true .
O. k. .
And you are the person who was mentioned on the nine hundred eleven tape by o. j. .
Yes i believe so .
Yeah .
How did that make you feel .
I was shocked by it .
I had no knowledge of it until it was publicly aired on t. v. recently .
In other words nicole had never told you about the incident .
No she did not .
O. k. .
Were you shocked when you heard your name mentioned .
Yes i was .
But was it true .
Were you with nicole in a compromising position that o. j. saw .
Well i'd rather not go into that right now .
I'd like to address a few other issues if i could .
But i'd rather not talk about anything as far as .
O. k. .
This is not a court .
O. k. .
All right but you don't but you were romantically involved with her .
That is .
Yes i was .
All right .
And you were confronted but you've testified before the grand jury already right .
Yes i did .
And will you testify in the trial .
That i believe is up to the prosecution .
O. k. .
What about nicole we being led wrongly .
I'm sorry larry .
What publicly in the tabloids or wherever are we getting to be that is a misreading of nicole .
About ninety five percent of everything you've read in the tabloids is misinformation about nicole .
Ninety five percent .
That would be my estimate .
She was not this wild crazy party girl .
As far as the allegations of drugs and crazy partying it's just not true .
And anybody who makes those allegations obviously did not know her .
I believe these are people that are spurred by a different reason other than friendship to come forward with these allegations .
What reason do you think .
Possibly monetary gain .
Possibly publicity .
It's a media circus .
Everybody knows that .
Now there's going to be a book coming by fay reznick and everyone says fay reznick was very close to nicole .
True .
Well she was a friend of nicole's .
That's true .
But i have not read the book obviously and nor will i. i just don't believe there's anything in the book from what i've heard about it that interests me .
Well if she was a friend might the book not be very favorable to her .
It might be favorable .
But from what i've heard maybe it's because of the tabloid representation of of the way the book is going to come across i know that that's not true .
So i don't see any reason in .
You know it's not true .
Yeah .
I mean it's i've known fay a lot longer than i've known nicole .
And and and it's it's painful to say but it's true to say i mean fay is a person that had basically a timeshare unit at several rehab facilities .
I mean and for her to come on and do this for monetary reasons i can't imagine what other reasons she would have for saying the things that she said .
And i know .
Do you like fay .
She's been one of my closest friends up until recently .
And the fact that i haven't heard from her and other close friends haven't heard from her means that she is going about this without our without our approval .
You and keith are friends .
Yeah very .
Now keith you're coming forward because you want to set the record straight mostly about nicole right .
Absolutely .
There is there is one tabloid report that i'd like to comment on if that's o. k. .
Go right ahead .
Several months ago some pictures came out in the national enquirer which depicted myself and another friend of nicole's in what people consider a compromising position .
There it is now .
We're looking at it now .
Now you are where .
You're .
I am on the <unk> right on your screen .
O. k. you're next to her .
Who is the guy on on her cheek .
His name is brett .
O. k. .
And he's <unk> her breast .
What's wrong with this .
Well there's a lot of the thing the thing that spurred me on is i heard a comment on t. v. the other day and i've heard numerous comments in the past from people who who apparently either have not seen this photo or have not taken the time to look at it comments such as well she was such a nice lady .
Why have we seen these nude photos of her in a hot tub with these gentlemen and it's just not true .
If you look at the photo it's very clear we're sitting we are sitting at a bar in chairs .
We were fully clothed .
I mean with the exception of i have no shirt on .
But you're in cabo san lucas .
It's one hundred five degrees .
I don't know too many people that go to the desert to be fully clothed .
You know i'm in a <unk> suit she's in a <unk> suit brett you can even see is wearing a shirt .
Whose hand is that .
I'm sorry .
Whose hand is that on your shoulder .
Well it appears to me from the three and a half inch fingernail that it was cut off of somebody else's hand and placed there .
It's a man's thumb .
And who is the man on nicole's right our left .
That is brett .
And was brett there .
Brett was there .
Brett was there .
We took a trip together .
But he didn't fondle her .
But he's wearing a wedding ring .
Brett never wears .
The four of us took a trip together .
Nicole and brett were seeing each other .
I took along a friend a girl who i had recently met and invited her along as a friend .
This wasn't a romantic trip for us .
You had not been romantic yet with nicole then .
Oh no this is after i had .
O. k. .
So brett is dating nicole at this point .
Brett is dating nicole at this point .
But this picture is not .
And me and nicole had me and nicole had become very close friends .
So we did travel together .
We did spend time in aspen together as friends .
And we we would go out a lot and spent a lot of time together .
Are you saying that no hands touched her .
I'm sorry .
No hands those are fake pictures .
Well it's hard for me to say .
When you're on vacation you can't remember every picture that's taken .
Well he never wore a wedding ring .
I know that .
I mean brett never had a ring on his finger and he didn't have a woman's thumbnail that was that long .
Precisely .
And if you'll look at the thumbnail larry if you'll look at the thumbnail on the left hand it's very clear that that's a that's a woman's fingernail .
And brett i knew quite well .
And i just don't believe brett had fingernails that were <unk> in that manner .
So it's hard for me to say if the picture is doctored or the picture is not doctored but it sure does look suspicious to me .
And as far as the allegations of being in a hot tub to me it's very clear that we're sitting in chairs .
The fourth person who was along on the trip apparently the girl who sold this photo you'll notice she's not in the photo because she took the picture .
The girl you were with .
She simply she simply stepped over and said let's get a picture of you three .
So at that point we're squeezed together .
You can see how i'm leaned over the chair .
Yeah .
To get my face in the frame .
And brett is behind nicole .
Now what was done with the hands after that it's hard for me to say .
You know i don't remember actually taking that photo itself .
But i do have a lot of other photos of that trip .
They sealed nicole's will today from the public .
You agree with that ron .
I'm sorry .
They .
Because there's so much fanfare and attention to this her will will not be made public .
Yeah i think it's a private matter .
Do you agree keith .
That they sealed the will .
Yeah .
Oh i agree one hundred percent .
Let's take a break and come back .
We'll include your phone calls .
This is larry king live in los angeles .
In washington tomorrow night with a special ninety minute edition that will include the first ever debate between gerry adams and ken <unk> of that strong going on in northern ireland .
And the return of ross perot .
We'll be right back .
Don't go away .
O. k. what is he saying .
Oh something about some guy i know and hookers and keith .
I started this shit before and and it's all my fault .
And now what am i going to do get the police in on this .
And the whole thing .
We're back .
Before we go to phone calls a couple of questions for each .
Have you been in touch with or seen the kids ron .
I don't see them as much now because they're back in school .
But yeah i saw them quite a bit over the summer .
What do they know or not know .
I think that they that they're aware that their life has changed significantly .
But .
Do you know if they know their father is in jail .
I know that they haven't been told that .
Whether they know is you know .
They're at school right .
Yeah they're back at school .
Keith what's happened to your life since .
Outside of trying to avoid the media and the publicity involved with this i've just sort of laid low .
My sole interest is is just making sure that if i'm needed that i'm there .
I have tried to support the friends and family involved obviously .
I talk to ron quite a bit .
I talk to nicole's family quite a bit .
But if you walk down the street the media follows you down the street .
It's not quite that bad now .
It was in the beginning .
I was compelled to leave my home for a period of time initially when some articles broke especially the nine hundred eleven tapes came out and people sort of put two and two together .
Let's take some calls .
Keith zlomsowitch with us on the phone ron hardy here in the studios .
Iowa city .
Hello .
Hi larry .
Hi keith and ron .
I am very very sorry .
I want you to have my deepest sympathies about the loss of your friend and also to the brown and goldman families .
I'm just wondering if you're as disgusted as i am with the media trying the victims and being so sympathetic towards simpson .
And also do you know who this allen schwartz is .
Is he really a close buddy .
Thank you .
He's a friend of i don't know him personally but he's a friend of o. j.'s i guess .
And nicole's .
And nicole's right right .
His wife was a good friend .
I never met .
Do you think the media is tilted toward o. j. .
Sure .
Sure .
I unfortunately you can't take this case and just i mean he is a defendant charged with a double homicide .
He's not in this situation he's not a role model he's not a hero he's not an ex football player .
He's just the defendant .
And he's not guilty .
And .
He's presumed innocent .
He's presumed you know all of these things .
But yeah i mean it's it's it's fodder for for people that have nothing better to do i guess .
And it's the biggest story to hit ever .
By the way you've worked you're close to them .
How good are the policemen .
Have they been you like do you know fuhrman .
Do you know .
I've met i've met detective <unk> .
I know his partner a little bit better .
But all the all the detectives that i've come across and especially the prosecution team have been nothing but but sensitive caring and very very understanding .
Would you say the same keith .
Oh definitely i would like to second that thought .
They have been they have been absolutely great to me .
Marcia clark and the rest .
Everybody involved .
Especially marcia .
She's a she's a very very warm person .
I'd like to make a comment if i could quickly larry .
Yeah .
As far as the question from the last caller by being disgusted by the tabloid trying of nicole's life i think that's totally unfair .
She was and anybody that knew her knew that she was first and foremost the best mother that i have ever seen .
She did everything for her children .
Even on this supposed trip to cabo that people keep talking about she was on the phone constantly with her kids making sure they were o. k. morning noon and night .
She did nothing without making sure the children were o. k. .
Ashland oregon .
Hello .
Hi .
I'm so glad that some of nicole's friends are finally getting on the air and are being able to defend her because it is like a second death what some of the tabloids are doing to her .
My question is isn't it frustrating for nicole's friends and for the brown family and the goldman family to hear so many of o. j.'s lawyers and friends and family come on the air and say how completely innocent he is .
And yet nicole's friends and family and ron's family are not allowed to say what they really think .
Well they are allowed to say .
You are allowed to say what you think .
I think so .
I mean decorum dictates that i would never you know i don't think i should i should be involved in trying a person without without the .
Are you hurt by having f. lee bailey is going to be on this show wednesday night .
Does that bother you .
Sure it bothers me .
I mean it's bothered me from the beginning .
We have a situation where we have one of the lead counsels who is supposed to be the best going out and signing autographs you know and talking to after the cameras go off he speaks to the press as if you know they were his fans or his .
Bother you keith .
Yes it does bother me .
And if you've noticed i've kept out of the media for that very reason .
I've had ample opportunity to say my story to to try to set the record straight .
But i choose to do it the right way which is in a court of law .
And eventually that's what's going to decide the fate in this thing .
And i'm not going to <unk> to a level of tabloid journalism and try to sensationalize these things .
Nicole deserves better than that .
We'll be back with some more moments and more phone calls for our guests on larry king live .
Don't forget bit senate debate thursday night .
First time .
Senator dianne feinstein and congressman michael huffington .
And marlon brando on friday .
We'll be right back .
We're back .
On the phone keith zlomsowitch and with us in the studio ron hardy .
We're now joined on the phone calling in is <unk> brown the mother of nicole brown simpson .
Are you there <unk> .
Yes i am .
Do you support what keith and ron are doing tonight .
I think it's wonderful .
And this is why i'm calling .
I just want to thank them .
They're doing a wonderful job and they're very good friends .
They say wonderful things about nicole .
<unk> let me ask about child support .
I know that o. j. was paying child support as a result .
I will not be questioned .
I just wanted to call in to to thank keith and ron .
O. k. .
You don't want to answer any questions .
Number .
Does dominique want to come on <unk> .
Pardon me .
Does dominique want to come on .
Dominique .
Number .
Dominique is the sister right .
Yes .
All right .
Thank you very much .
No but we thank ron and keith .
Can you tell us how the kids are doing <unk> .
Pardon me .
How are the children doing .
They're just great .
Because everybody is concerned about them .
No problems .
The children are wonderful .
No problem .
And doing well in school .
No problems .
Number .
They're very happy in school .
I said doing well .
Yes .
O. k. .
Thank you .
Keith do you .
Goodbye .
Thank you .
Thank you <unk> .
Keith do you keep in touch with the kids .
I keep in touch with the family with nicole's family .
I haven't spoken to the kids since i came back from the funeral .
But i do talk to dominique and denise and <unk> quite a bit .
And i do know that the kids are in wonderful hands .
They couldn't be in better hands right now .
Harbor city california .
Hello .
Hello .
Hi .
I just want to direct a call to keith please .
There has been a lot of news media and people commenting that o. j. was stalking nicole .
Were you ever at any time in fear or did she ever act as though she was in fear while she was dating you .
Well these are the things that i really prefer not to comment on due to my involvement in the case .
I hope you can understand that .
And in good time when the time is right everything will come out .
O. k. .
Can you say though keith that you were if fear is the wrong word worried .
It was not a comfortable situation .
I would bet .
It would be difficult under any circumstances right .
I mean you're dating someone whose former husband is a famous person .
Well i'm not so sure .
That's difficult on the face of it .
Well i'm not so sure that's what made it difficult .
So if you can just take that for an answer .
O. k. .
I got you .
Watson town pennsylvania .
Hello .
Hello larry .
Hi .
Keith and ron .
Hi .
Hi .
Good show .
Thank you .
Yes .
I'd like to know do you think that true justice will really be done for nicole .
Fair trial .
I think that you know you have to let the system go the way the system goes .
However it turns out is the way it's supposed to happen .
Do you have belief in the system .
I have to .
Keith do you .
I believe in the system .
I also believe that well it's hard for me to say .
I just hope that the system works in this case .
And all we can do is put our faith in it and see what happens .
You'll never really get over this will you keith .
Never .
She was a wonderful person and a wonderful friend .
Ron .
Number .
I mean we'll never see her again and that's why we're here .
And keith and i loved her as much as anybody else in a small circle of friends did .
And that's why we're here for her .
Thank you both .
Thank you keith .
Thank you larry .
Thank you ron .
My pleasure .
We thank <unk> for calling in as well .
And we thank chief willie williams for being with us earlier .
Tomorrow night back in washington with ross perot and our big debate on the situation in northern ireland .
And don't forget next friday night marlon brand will be with us .
Thanks for joining us .
For the whole crew in los angeles this is larry king live .
