Economic sanctions against haiti .
That story in this part of all things considered .
Economic sanctions go into effect against haiti tomorrow night .
Haitians expect hardship .
Refugees from rwanda are still coming over the borders in tanzania .
Huge numbers are gathered in an isolated area .
Getting food to them will be difficult .
American movies are making news in cannes .
And a new book <unk> the tobacco lobby not easy to do .
I handed this book in in august .
A month ago or so i watched the now famous waxman hearings at which the seven heads of the tobacco companies swore that they didn't think nicotine was addictive .
As yogi berra would say i was having deja vu all over again .
First news .
This is all things considered .
I'm linda wertheimer .
And i'm noah adams .
The united states is attempting to increase pressure on haiti's military leaders .
Yesterday president clinton listed drug trafficking as one of the reasons why the u. s. might use force against haiti .
Today the associated press reports that justice department has evidence which <unk> top haitian military officers in drug smuggling .
And tomorrow at midnight the united nations plans to drastically increase economic sanctions against haiti .
There has been a ban on sending oil and weapons to haiti since last october .
Npr's david welna reports from the haitian capital port au prince that the first ones to feel the brunt of the new embargo will be haiti's poor .
On the outskirts of the capital near the airport dozens of big warehouse like structures are nearly all that remains of what used to be a thriving industry here the assembly of clothing for export .
When president aristide was forced to leave haiti at gunpoint in september of nineteen ninety one there were one hundred fifty of these assembly plants operating .
One by one they've had to shut down though crippled by various economic embargoes .
For the several dozen plants that did manage to survive it's going to be all over this weekend when the full embargo takes effect .
Tomorrow we're going to close down the place and we're going to have to tell them to leave and that's it and we'll pay them whatever we owe them and we tell them to leave .
That's it .
This frenchman named jean <unk> owns haiti's biggest clothing assembly plant a company called world texas .
Today is the last full day of work for his six hundred fifty employees .
He's been paying them only about thirty five cents an hour to stitch together sweat shirts and blue jeans for american stores like wal mart and k. mart .
<unk> claims that meager income has been enough for those workers to feed themselves and as many as nine others in their homes .
But with the full embargo <unk> estimates that more than six thousand people will be directly affected just by the closing of his factory .
They're not going to have any food to eat .
That's the bottom line .
They're not going to have nothing to eat .
I mean they're going to starve .
That's the only thing i can say .
I mean they don't have anything after their jobs .
Like many others here <unk> is convinced a full embargo will not force the military to leave the political arena .
He points to how the armed forces have already made a windfall controlling contraband oil .
With a total trade embargo there will certainly be much more contraband for the military to exploit .
It's not going to hurt the military for sure .
I mean they're military .
They have plenty money .
They don't the more you have the embargo the more money they have .
I mean it's like they're getting richer and richer every day now .
This sewing machine is stitching together one of the last items of clothing world tex will be able to export .
A million and a half dollars worth of a pre cut fabric remains to be <unk> but it will be impossible to ship it out after the weekend .
In all about eight thousand haitians will lose their jobs in factories like this one because of the new embargo .
<unk> pierre francois is the head mechanic at world texas .
He's worried about how he's going to feed his wife and three children after the weekend .
If i don't work it him can't get can't do nothing .
Are you afraid .
Yes i'm afraid because the situation is very very bad .
The factory's manager estimates that ninety percent of the about to be unemployed workers are going to do what many other haitians are planning to do get on a boat and try to make it to florida .
Earlier today i asked the american ambassador to haiti william swing about those workers losing their jobs and what was to become of them .
Well it's frankly it's a little bit like the question of the refugees and the awful problem with human rights now and the structural problems of the economy that unfortunately all of that is going to have to be held hostage to a macro political solution .
Ambassador swing says the u. s. plans to double the seven hundred thousand meals it serves haitians each day to relieve the effects of a full embargo .
Swing himself seems skeptical about the embargo forcing out army commander general raoul cedras and he's unwilling to guess how long the new sanctions will be imposed on haiti .
