President clinton is making a final pitch to settle the major league baseball strike .
He sent legislation to capitol hill requiring binding arbitration .
House speaker newt gingrich said he thinks it's a very bad idea to have congress start settling labor disputes .
But there is some sentiment for congressional action .
If this continues there may be a congressional solution because let's face it there's some evidence that there a few owners who want to break the players' union and they happen to be in control because of the voting situation .
Supporters of president clinton have asked baseball fans to flood capitol hill with phone calls .
So far most calls to representatives are saying they shouldn't get involved in baseball .
C. n. n.'s jeff flock has found a similar reaction from baseball fans in the midwest .
So this august body is going to solve the baseball strike .
Congress can't do it .
They have more important things like ripping the people off .
So the national leader is going to save the national pastime .
He shouldn't have nothin' to do with it .
It's none of his business .
Less than an enthusiastic response from <unk> .
I feel like the president have enough on his hands at the present time to not even worry about the baseball strike .
Heard on the street in atlanta .
Heard on the air in detroit .
Anytime you're looking for big brother to bail you out of anything you've got a problem .
On larry <unk> and butch <unk> call in show the sentiment is leave bad enough alone .
I don't think it's a national emergency .
I don't think the president should be involved in the baseball strike .
Then again tell that to the guy at the near empty <unk> near wrigley field in chicago where business is off seventy five percent since the strike .
Bring on congress he says .
I think that they might just give some kind of advice and kind of advise both sides of the baseball industry and basically you know help them make a decision .
Most are for that .
I think bill clinton wants to play catcher for the mets is what i think and i think that's why he's doing it .
In los angeles they obviously have other things on their mind .
But at least one man had the right idea .
I think everybody's at fault .
They should settle it get it together play baseball .
Play ball .
Oh to hear that sound .
