The standoff made waco texas a household name .
Joining me is the city's mayor bob <unk> .
Mr. mayor we just heard a family member say over and over again he just can't understand how all of this happened .
I'm wondering as you have lived with this cult for some time how you are feeling on this day that it has ended and are you surprised how it ended .
I certainly am surprised .
I listened to the reports as we went along and i believe everybody was praying and hoping that it would be a peaceful end no more bloodshed .
I was shocked this morning or at noon when i saw the flames and saw what was happening .
I kept hoping like i think everyone in our city did that somehow they were in bunkers they were not being consumed .
It's a very tragic end to it .
Well you say you were shocked around noon when you saw the fire .
I'm wondering did the f. b. i. inform you this morning .
Did you know that they were beginning a tactic to move in to prepare any rescue crews in your city .
About seven o'clock the city manager called me and let me know that he had received word and i don't know whether it was directly from the f. b. i. that he'd received word that the f. b. i. was proceeding against the compound .
He had no details at that time .
And what are you hearing from people in the community .
How are they feeling today .
To be honest i haven't had much chance to talk to the people in the community .
I have been more at city hall .
We're trying to assess what we need to do in the next day and so what i the people i have talked to it's unbelievable the loss of life .
I am family man with six children and six grandchildren .
It's just totally beyond me that this kind of thing could have occurred .
And how does the city recover from something like this the people individuals the neighbors and on a whole .
Your image .
Our image is we have no control over the events that come such as this .
Our image has been a city of caring people of friendly most of the news media have been awful nice to say that we're a good city .
We were that kind of city before have been that kind of city during the whole time and we'll be that kind in the future .
I'm sure it'll hang on for a while but i think in the future we'll be back to the same reputation we had before .
And did you talk with one of the survivors as she was taken to a hospital .
Number .
I did not .
I have not seen any of the survivors .
O. k. .
Help us .
You say the city can recover but specifically how do you do that after such a loss of life there .
That's the hard thing .
We have during the entire standoff have been discussing among the staff and the chamber and everyone how do we come out and make it the best of it .
This kind of tragic end we're going to have to stop and think about what to do .
Needless to say we'll go on doing the things we've done all through the years .
We've had tragedies here before .
We had a tornado that killed one hundred twenty seven .
We came out as a city stronger more united .
Sometimes adversity brings you more together and we're going to try to look at the positive things that we can out of this .
Mayor bob <unk> of waco texas we thank you for talking with us .
