Haiti's capital again has been the site of demonstrations violence and looting .
Pro army militia clashed with supporters of the exiled president jean bertrand aristide and in the middle of it in port au prince c. n. n.'s richard blystone who joins us now with details on the story today .
Richard .
Good afternoon lou .
Just within the last hour we've had reports of another mob raid on a warehouse .
We have a crew on the way to check that out now .
All day uncle sam has been playing sheriff in port au prince u. s. m. p.s rushing around the town putting out brush fire incidents of violence moving away and then they spring up again .
We are waiting now for a briefing by the military spokesman colonel barry <unk> and the civilian spokesman stan <unk> .
And while we're waiting for them to explain what their take is on how that squares with not being haiti's policemen let's have a look at some pictures taken in the last few hours .
These are paramilitary supporters of the right wing here hired gunmen who have kept many haitians in terror over the last three years .
Right now without the backing of the police with the u. s. presence the crowds are emboldened to go after them not always however with impunity because there have been shootings here today too .
There a gunman believed to be allied with <unk> the right wing movement is taking aim at our cameraman <unk> edwards .
You just saw a dead news organization cameraman and here is one of the rare sights of the day haitian police .
The driver for the american news organization was killed instantly .
He was shot at point blank range .
The shooting broke out around midday near the headquarters of <unk> which has vowed to try to stop the return of the president jean bertrand aristide from hiding .
For perspective most of the violence over the last two days has taken place only in a stretch about two kilometers across the downtown section of port au prince .
There's a dead attache the mob having taken their revenge on him .
Onlookers the security situation today is very different from what was expected .
They expected a large but <unk> demonstration .
U. s. troops on the outer cordon of a ring that was supposed to start with barbed wire and go on with haitian police with the u. s. troops on the outer perimeter .
It didn't happen that way turned into scattered flare ups small mobs bent on vengeance or looting .
I think we can show you some pictures of that looting .
Earlier today hundreds mobbed a food warehouse or a food wholesale warehouse near the port of port au prince throwing out <unk> and some of them fighting over the <unk> .
Showing enterprise some people almost immediately set up little make shift shops to sell their prizes .
U. s. troops did arrive there .
They used a crowd control spray on some of the people there .
They calmed the situation that has been typical of today .
It all started again .
This is one of the so called attaches aiming his gun and here again is the dead haitian driver .
So i think we may be ready now to go over to the state's information service briefing room where we'll hear from oh it's about five minutes from the briefing i'm told .
We will be back with the briefing when that occurs .
For now i'm richard blystone c. n. n. live in port au prince .
Richard can you hear me .
Yes i hear you lou .
I was wondering earlier why there since it's generally regarded as a flash point this <unk> headquarters area why there was such obvious lack of security in the area either by haitian or u. s. forces .
Well from the u. s. standpoint they were they have been trying to leave everything they can to the haitians to avoid getting caught into anything where they could make the situation worse .
From the haitian police standpoint i think you would have to ask colonel michel francoise the head of the police here .
Wolf blitzer reported from washington not very long ago tips from the white house i believe that colonel francoise had gone into exile .
That is not the information we are getting here .
Some sources of ours who have been very reliable in the past say colonel francoise is indeed at home and trying to stay on top of this situation .
All right .
