If you're not a couch potato yet the networks are trying to make you become one .
Prime time this fall has a new look that's designed to keep you in your seat .
C. n. n.'s sherrie sylvester looks at some of the new gimmicks .
Don't touch that dial .
It used to be a request .
Now the networks are doing everything in their power to <unk> the remote control and eliminate the bathroom break .
We found that there was between a fifteen and twenty five percent dip from the time the credits started to the time the new show began and we said well maybe there's a way to go <unk> from one show to the other and avoid that zapping opportunity .
The peacock plan named 'n. b. c. two thousand calls for splitting the screen between the credits and the show .
A staff has been hired to make the endings entertaining .
The next series begins without a commercial break .
At a. b. c. the theme song faces cancellation .
We've offered all shows all returning shows to eliminate their main titles and have come as close as we can to mandating and ordering we're not very good at that but we take a stab new shows to have no main title .
Returning shows such as home improvement roseanne and coach have chosen to keep their opens .
I used to love mary tyler moore's graphics and bob newhart to open the show .
That's part of the deal the music you get that thing .
I think that attracts you .
My argument with a. b. c. was that our music if you're in another room that's what attracts to the beginning of the show .
C. b. s. and fox have also cut back on show opens hoping to carry the viewers straight through prime time .
Reviews are mixed .
I doubt that's going to fool anybody into staying with something they don't want to watch .
At least they can do in my opinion to give us more time on camera and get our story told i think is a good move .
When we eliminated our minute long title sequence our share points went up immediately two points .
And i also i think there's an ulterior motive .
They want to slide another commercial in there too you know .
The commercials between shows are not completely gone just added to another break .
All the new moves have gotten viewers to try new shows .
They can still turn away and they can do that in a minute or two .
But what we are we're at least driving them into the new shows .
When i was little we had three channels in black and white and you had to get up and change it .
You know everything is just too busy now .
These days the only way viewers see the kitchen in prime time is on the screen .
