If you haven't heard already twelve year old gregory kingsley who you met right here last week has won the right to be adopted by his foster parents .
Later on in this broadcast we'll have an exclusive interview with gregory to hear his reaction .
But first we bring you general norman schwarzkopf .
Hugh .
In the two short years since the jubilation over the gulf war victory public opinion has been shifting radically .
Pointed questions have been raised was the war stopped to soon .
Should we have gone ahead into baghdad and <unk> saddam hussein .
Well general norman schwarzkopf is now answering those questions in his new autobiography entitled it doesn't take a hero .
And the title incidentally comes from something the general said in an interview with barbara right after the gulf war .
It was just a year ago that general schwarzkopf retired after thirty five years in the military .
And now we have his first television interview since then .
Tonight the general reveals what really went on behind closed doors the top secret arguments you never heard .
He also gives his personal opinion about gays in the military and governor clinton as a possible president and a painful revelation about his past .
Here now the general speaks his mind .
It was in this war room and on this secure telephone that general schwarzkopf discussed two critical and contentious decisions with washington whether the war would begin and when it would end .
The start date for the ground offensive was threatened by weather and the cease fire came a day earlier than he had recommended .
General h. norman schwarzkopf .
The gulf war capped an illustrious thirty five year army career for norman schwarzkopf .
That career started here the u. s. military academy at west point and included two tours in vietnam and a major role in the u. s. invasion of grenada .
It's almost like a religious experience to come back to west point you know because it sort of all came together here .
And this is what made us what we are .
Now this building which is not like any of the others this was where you this was yours .
This is called the first division .
The company a one which occupied the first division .
My first day at west point we came over here and we were standing at attention facing that balcony up there .
And the seniors the first class men were all standing around looking down at us and we were rigid at attention .
And i was looking at these guys and their shoes were shining like diamonds and they were all svelte and handsome and they looked like gods .
And i remember saying i can never look like that .
I just never ever ever will look like that .
And that happened right there .
And today's cadets were amazed to discover that right here where punishments are meted out he had never marched a single punishment tour .
How many hours on the area did you have .
Or did you have any .
Believe it or not i never walked an hour on the area .
That's a fact .
I never did .
Now i will not say that i never made a major infraction .
I will say that i was never caught .
After our walk the general and i got down to serious business the questions that still haunt the country about the gulf war and about his leadership .
How would you describe president bush as a commander in chief before and during the war .
On a scale from one to ten .
Yes a scale from one to ten .
Ten .
Really .
Absolutely .
Absolutely .
President bush in every encounter i ever had with him as the commander in chief that's what i'm talking about from the day i walked in from the national security council meeting to camp david to his encounters coming over during the war absolutely was everything that any theater commander could have ever asked for in a commander in chief .
On a scale of one to ten colin powell .
Ten .
On a scale of one to ten defense secretary richard cheney .
Nine and a three quarters .
Ah okay .
No he was we were a team .
We were a team and you have to remember that when you're making momentous decisions you have that many involved a great responsibility with great egos you know obviously there's going to be debate that goes on and that sort of thing .
But the amazing part about it was that on every decision when it finally came about we were all in complete agreement .
Well let me pick up some things that you do say .
Okay .
You write that secretary cheney was one of the <unk> cold warriors in congress .
You words not mine .
And that there were times during the war when he wanted to out general the general .
No i said in the book what i really said was i was concerned at one point that he may have he may start being like some of the former secretary of the army i have seen who tried to out general the general .
Well he had his own offensive plan that you didn't agree with .
Yeah and that was but that was the only time .
And i've got to tell you that that's why i said nine and three quarters .
But for the most part he stayed very much very strictly in the policy we had .
On the eve of the ground war you write that all the president's advisers were for you .
The only agency to dissent was the c. i. a. .
That the c. i. a. was still saying that the the damage by the iraqis was not as great as you said .
And you write if we had wanted to convince the c. i. a. we would still be sitting in saudi <unk> what do you think of the c. i. a. .
I hope you recognize the tongue in cheek nature of that comment .
No i didn't .
You know my discussion of the c. i. a. was only in the very very small world that i was looking in not in the entire .
But in your small world they weren't too effective .
They did not help me as a as a theater commander as much i felt they could have .
What you did feel one of your problems in the days before the war was that you got different directions from washington almost every day .
You write decisions in washington would be motivated more by politics than by military reality .
I worried about that okay .
I knew that washington had its own hands full with getting the support from the congress and that sort of thing .
But my job was to look at matters purely as the military commander in the field and that was somebody else's job to worry about that other stuff .
But you talk about the hawks especially the hawks in the national security council .
You say they had a john wayne mentality .
They had seen too much of rambo the hawks .
I said i worried about that .
But more than worried about it .
At that particular time .
You said you write about one white house hawk and he caused you a big problem but you don't name him .
You're writing history .
You know why i don't name him .
Number .
Because i'm not too sure of this .
Think it was brent <unk> .
I don't know .
I have no idea .
But it was the hawks .
Yeah because that was the term that was being used .
But you don't know which guy it was .
By the people in washington that were talking to me .
I mean they referred to the hawk back here and there are some people back here who want to do this .
And if you if you get to the point where you think you're being forced to do something militarily that's going to kill a whole bunch of people and you don't believe in it then you have an option .
The option is you can be removed from your job and somebody else can be put in there .
And i was quite prepared for that .
And the bottom line is that all these other people really didn't matter .
The people that mattered was the president of the united states secretary cheney and colin powell .
And they weren't pushing you .
Number .
But the only time i ever felt pushed was really that that one time when you know we were within days of launching the war and the weather people came in and said the weather is going to be lousy and my marine commander and some of my army commanders were saying we can't go if the weather is lousy .
And i felt obliged to report that to washington .
Obviously it caused them some concern .
What happened was that you ended up having a shouting match with colin powell who said .
Well .
Well that your words your words .
It was .
Don't don't it's right there in the book and now you're sitting with me .
No i i want to make sure it's presented in the proper context .
Okay .
You know i felt very strongly about what i was saying and colin was under and i was under tremendous pressure and colin was under tremendous pressure too .
What he said was how am i going to go back to my president who's ready to attack now on february twenty fourth that he has to wait two days .
And what about all the public pressure .
You know what about public opinion .
Sure .
So you had a big showdown .
Yeah and i said hey but i have my commanders over here telling me that they can't attack okay unless they have this air covered .
Because the weather is so bad and they wont do it .
And and but it was a flash in the pan .
Cause both of us understood that what the other one was saying was right .
Okay .
Suppose the weather had been bad and colin powell or washington said you have got to go on the twenty fourth .
Which might have happened .
The weather cleared up and you were okay you went on the twenty fourth .
And you knew that you would lose the lives of men .
Would you have followed those orders and attacked on the twenty fourth .
I would have said i want to talk to the president .
And if he had said go .
I don't know .
That's too hypothetical because i can't you know but i would have i would have i would have insisted at that point i would have felt it was my responsibility to present directly to the president of the united states what my concerns were .
Not my concerns but the concerns of my commanders whose lives of the troops were in their hands .
What was the influence of television in washington and on you .
Well the influence of television was very good in many ways and it was also disruptive in many ways .
I turned off the television sets in my headquarters and kept them off most of the time .
Because a great deal of the information that was coming across the television sets was very inaccurate .
And someplace along the line it might effect critical decisions .
So i just we didn't have them turned on .
The american people's right to know .
Right .
Versus you as a general .
But the argument is being argued in the wrong arena .
It is being argued in the arena of the military versus the media and that's not the problem .
Let me give you some statistics .
The height of the vietnam war the <unk> offensive single most important battle that occurred in vietnam there were eighty reporters in the country in saudi arabia we had two thousand ten .
Second statistic during vietnam even a major battle when it was reported generally made it on television or or or in the newspapers probably forty hours later .
Well we didn't have tape .
Right .
And over there it was instantaneous .
So what you have is a management problem .
How do you manage this huge number of reporters who who have an ability to instantaneously report what they see and those reports go into your <unk> headquarters .
That's the problem .
What about reporting from enemy territory .
Reporters who are in baghdad .
Well i have a personal opinion on that .
Again i understand that everyone has their own viewpoint .
But i've got to tell you what one day we're allowed to go back in they knew full well that what they were going to be report reporting was only what the enemy would allow them to report .
But i'll tell you what really bothered me .
Iraq they'd broadcast from iraq and they'd put a sign up and say this information is you know has been cleared by the iraqis .
Then they would broadcast from my headquarters and they'd put exactly the same disclaimer on it .
It made it look like you know the central command .
You were just as bad as the enemy .
Is just as bad as the enemy by golly you know only allowing it .
Which you know after awhile it bothers you .
Again and i'm not accusing anybody of anything .
But i am saying in world war two people that did that went to jail afterwards tokyo rose lord haw haw access sally .
But they were doing it deliberately helping the enemy .
What they were doing was they were broadcasting enemy propaganda .
Now do you think that the iraqis were going to allow one story out that wasn't to their in their favor .
I just want to clear this up .
You're not suggesting that the reporters who were in baghdad should have gone to jail .
Absolutely not .
Okay .
I am just saying that that that we have this problem of instantaneous media that is going to impact decision making in the world .
It's a management problem that we have to deal with .
What about the reports when you hit that bunker in iraq and there were civilians in it and you said that this had been a military of military importance .
Sure that was a terrible moment .
You still feel that way .
Was it a mistake to bomb it .
Number .
It wasn't a mistake at all to bomb it .
It had always been on our target list .
It had been on our target list .
The intelligence we had that it was an operating military headquarters both before and after .
And after the fact every investigation that has been conducted since then has confirmed that it was in fact a military target .
And you didn't know there were civilians there .
Of course not .
Of course not .
General of course the big question now is did we end the war too early .
In an interview with david frost a month after the war you said frankly my recommendation has been to continue the march .
We could have completely closed the door and made it in fact a battle of <unk> .
Right .
You also wrote in your book i want to continue the ground attack until tomorrow .
That's the way i wrote the plan .
One more day we'll be done .
Instead the president announced a cease fire .
Right after calling up and asking me if i could live with that .
You know that you've got to remember what we're talking about .
We're talking about a half a day .
Well maybe one more day .
Half a day .
Well half a day he stopped it .
Well i was asked about that .
I hesitated for a minute .
I said well let me think about it .
Let me factor this in .
We had accomplished all of our military objectives .
I had just come from briefing the american public and telling them we had destroyed the iraqi military .
So the question of whether we stopped right you know tomorrow morning or tomorrow night you know as far as the ultimate campaign was concerned it was the same .
We had accomplished all of our military objectives .
And i was worried about lives about human life .
I mean i got to tell you i worry about human life both on the enemy and the friendly side .
A lot of iraqi tanks got away a great many of them .
They wouldn't have gotten away if you had gone one more day .
Many of them would have gotten away anyhow .
And we destroyed all those tanks that were left behind .
We destroyed forty two divisions of iraqi forces destroyed them .
Is iraq any threat today to other nations .
Number .
External threat .
Absolutely not .
Okay let's put it in absolute terms were you in total agreement with president bush to stop the war at the time it was stopped .
Yes .
In retrospect do you ever think we should have gone one more day or two more days .
Hindsight being twenty twenty ths i i don't think i honestly don't think if we had gone one more day or two more days or five more days that history would have been changed one bit .
Could we have gone to baghdad and taken saddam hussein .
We could have gone to baghdad easily we could not have taken saddam hussein .
He would have gone to ground just as he did during the war .
He would have hidden .
He could have hidden all over that country .
But let let's let's be fair .
Who would have gone to baghdad .
If anybody had gone to baghdad at all it would have been the united states of america and great britain .
I don't think there's another country in that coalition that would have gone to baghdad .
The coalition was fractured completely .
And finally every member of the arab world today would be convinced that what saddam had said was right that we were that was really a war by western <unk> <unk> of israel to destroy iraq this had nothing to do with iraq aggression against kuwait .
What about the people who say because saddam hussein is still alive was this war worth it .
Of course it was worth it .
Of course it was worth it .
And probably one of the mistakes that all of us have made is to personalize this war in the form of one human being saddam hussein .
What's going on in the world today .
We have the greatest opportunity for peace in the middle east in any of our lifetimes .
We have arabs and palestinians sitting down at the peace tables with israelis .
That is a direct result of the gulf war .
Our hostages are home free .
That is a direct result of the gulf war .
We have millions of people in the arab world who are saying hey you know maybe the united states of america you know isn't our enemy .
Maybe there are maybe they are capable of considering peace in this whole area and helping the peace process .
It's also the result of the fall of the soviet union .
Yeah but i would like to think that you know the fall of the soviet union is not what caused the moderate arabs to go to the peace table with the israelis .
Okay what what happened was saddam hussein has a voice in arab politics is now irrelevant .
Not that saddam hussein is a good guy .
He's a bum and i wouldn't shed a tear if somebody were to nail him tomorrow .
There's much more governor clinton's draft record gays in the military .
The general has strong feelings about both .
Also does he see a future for himself in politics .
General schwarzkopf has no doubt about that one .
Stay with us .
General norman schwarzkopf he knows where he stands on some of today's most controversial and interesting questions and he's not afraid to say so .
For instance how does a career army man the general who led this country to its proudest military victory in decades view governor clinton's reluctance to go to vietnam .
Well barbara began by asking is it necessary for a president the commander in chief to have served in the military .
Of course not .
We've had lots of presidents that have never had military service .
In my mind that's not the question .
In my mind the question is what is a president going to do who formerly openly approved of draft resistance and resistance to war going to do if he has to order people to war .
What's he going to do with these people who resist .
That question i don't think has been adequately answered .
And that's a question i have on my mind .
And the other question .
Well you've got to understand i've spent thirty five years in the military .
I approach things as a military man .
I spent two tours in vietnam i had friends killed over there .
And again it's not it's not looking to the past .
But to my mind i still don't understand what happened in regard to governor clinton's draft status .
And that does cause me a little bit of knee jerk concern .
Does vice president quayle's not serving cause you some knee jerk .
Of course yeah .
Defense secretary cheney did not serve .
I know .
That give you some knee jerk .
Yes .
How do you feel about politics in general now .
Do you think you might want a political career .
Absolutely not .
And i'm telling you every day as the campaign goes on i feel stronger with that .
Were you asked to be vice president on a couple of tickets .
You know how to ask some very tough questions .
Let me just say i was approached by by by all three of the organizations for their support to give them support .
Specifically from one or two as vice president .
My name was mentioned by one or two by two as a matter of fact as a vice presidential candidate .
Clinton and perot .
It had to be it couldn't have been .
Well i think that's a logical conclusion .
But i told them the same thing that i i told everybody else i'm <unk> .
I do not want to be a pawn in a political campaign and i've spent my entire life you know not trying to influence my <unk> not trying to use my special position to to to direct other people in how they should or should not vote .
I want the american people to make up their own minds .
What's your definition of leadership .
I don't know .
We're all struggling to find out today as we talk about .
Let me tell you what leadership is .
Leadership is confidence .
But far more important leadership is character .
Leadership is is leadership is taking charge be willing to take the responsibility accept the <unk> .
You learn to take responsibility and then do what's right because it's right .
That's what leadership is .
There's another very sensitive point and that's gays in the military .
It is almost the last overt form of discrimination .
There are many gays quietly serving and doing a very good job as you know .
What's your view .
I'm opposed to it .
Even though there are so many serving .
Now let me explain to you why .
A lot of people don't know this but at one time when i was the director of military personnel and management i happened to be the army's expert witness on the subject of gays in the military .
Our position then was then and is now when men go into battle and fight they don't fight for god country mom and homemade apple pie .
That's maybe what got them to the battle field but generally it is the unit cohesion it's your buddy on your left and on your right and and your not wanting to let the unit down that causes you to really end up fighting the enemy when the enemy finally comes to the barricades and you take them on .
The experience in the army has been the evidence that i had at the time and that's the only evidence i know of was that when when you have an open out of the closet if you prefer the term gay or gays within your organization that freely admit that within the organization it does tend to pull on the organization .
It does tend to break down the cohesion .
So it's not a question of a personal sexual expression it is a question of cohesion within the organization and that's what makes organizations fight .
Let's talk about today .
Okay .
You might have ended up being chief of staff .
Instead you decided that even if you were offered this you didn't want it when you left the military .
How come .
Chief of staff means you have to live in washington d. c. and deal with the congress of the united states and the pork <unk> and that sort thing on a daily basis .
And i can tell you what i've been stationed in washington d. c. and i didn't like it any one of the five times i was there .
What do you want to do now .
I want to keep making a contribution to my country .
How .
I don't know .
I don't know .
You know this book is coming out and there may be those critics that say hey the general spent the last year writing this book he's really going to cash in .
I'm glad you asked that question .
I am not on any defense related industry board .
I have i've been offered one hundred fifty million dollars for one deal to sell arms to my arab friends using my special position with my arab friends .
I turned it down .
I have been offered numerous corporate board jobs .
I have not accepted any corporate board jobs to date except the nature conservancy .
What would you most like to do if you could anything .
Work with young people .
You know education i've got to tell you educating .
If i could i would love to have some role in improving education in this country .
Because i'm convinced that education is the answer to so many of the other problems we have .
Education is the answer to sexual harassment .
Education is the answer to prejudice .
Education is the answer to drugs .
Education is the answer to child abuse .
You know there are so many things that we could solve through education .
So i would love to work in that field in some way .
Would you want to be an university professor .
Sure .
I'd love it .
You'd like that .
Sure .
For the first time in this book you reveal that your mother was an alcoholic .
Something that was very painful for you to do .
What affect did that have on you as a child .
Well it really became the controlling factor in our lives .
I would tell you it's a very sensitive subject still with my family .
It's one of the reasons i agonized over mentioning it in the book .
But it was so much a part of what what caused me to be the person i am .
Which is what .
Maybe maybe i like to consider myself as a sensitive person .
Maybe it gave me sensitivity .
I like to think of myself as a compassionate person .
Maybe it taught me compassion .
And my mother was a wonderful person .
I mean my mother was a wonderful person .
And so i decided to mention it .
You know if it only helps one other person who may be the family member of an alcoholic seek help or if it causes one other person who is an alcoholic to seek help then it's all worth it to me .
You know what's going to come out of this book is all the headlines about the war .
It may be that this was perhaps the most important thing in the whole book .
I hope i dearly hope that a lot of the other stuff that's in the book will will turn out ultimately to be more important than just the business about the war .
That's why i wrote the book .
Your book is called it doesn't take a hero .
Right .
So i have to ask you this anyway how do you want to be remembered if not as a hero .
If i could write my own epitaph it would read h. norman schwarzkopf he loved his family he loved his troops and they loved him .
Period .
Thank you general .
You know he seemed living proof that you don't have to be brutal or callous to be a good military commander .
What's what's he going to do now .
Where does he go from here .
Well i think he'd love to be a university or college professor .
There are many universities i think that would like to have him as their president .
However unlike general eisenhower who you remember came out and then was a president of columbus university and went on to become president of the united states .
General schwarzkopf doesn't seem to have an appetite for politics and he certainly doesn't seem like a man who says one thing and does another .
Had he always planned to retire .
Or did he resign his commission on a whim .
No no he had always planned to retire after his thirty five years .
He said he that when his two daughters were growing he was never there for them .
They were constantly moving and he wanted to spend time with his fifteen year old son and he's a relatively young man and there's a whole future ahead of him .
Who had offered him one hundred fifty million dollars to sell arms .
An investment banking company to sell arms to the arabs .
He said no and it died there .
He's only on one non profit board the nature conservation .
Thank you barbara .
Coming up on the program the latest on the gregory k. case the twelve year old boy who sued his parents for divorce .
But first the problem with neighbors .
You know you can't always pick the ones you want .
And john stossel found neighbors fighting like cats and dogs over their pets and their kids and the noise .
