The popular new sport roller blading is speeding fast into a legal mess .
The unanswered question when skaters <unk> on the wheels where should they skate on the sidewalk or in the street .
C. n. n.'s gary tuchman tells us about the problems roller blading caused one woman in connecticut .
Laurie palmer is a proud mother and grandmother who has gotten into trouble for something she's been doing in traffic .
Laurie is an in line skater a sport more commonly known as roller blading .
And because sidewalks are often narrow poorly maintained or just don't exist she likes to skate in the street .
The problem is the police in manchester connecticut don't like what she's doing .
The roadways are designed and built for the cars not for walking .
But is an in line skater a pedestrian .
Our interpretation is any type of person that's using a roadway like with his skates on we would consider them pedestrians .
And connecticut law says pedestrians aren't allowed in the streets for safety reasons so laurie palmer was recently arrested and charged with <unk> conduct .
She faces a court date that could lead to jail time .
I'm going to fight it as far as it needs to go to allow me to continue to roller blade .
In the street .
In the street .
The issue comes down to is she or is she not a pedestrian .
Laurie palmer says she has no intention of staying off the street .
And while she keeps on rolling her legal wheels are in motion .
She has asked the international in line skating association to help her out .
In laurie's case it was clear that she was more like a bike than a pedestrian so her tickets written for pedestrians are clearly not applicable in this case .
The sport of in line skating is booming .
The fact that it's getting to popular means many other police forces are facing similar street skating situations .
In most cases nothing is done but that's not the case with laurie palmer .
She will go before a judge and jury in two weeks .
The fact is you could literally go to jail for this right .
Yes i could .
Are you prepared to serve jail time .
If i have to .
She could receive up to three months in jail but for now she continues her hobby willing to take the risk that her desire to go on the street and skate could be linked to a fairly unpleasant fate .
