U. s. tells japan to buy american or else .
Good evening .
The united states tells japan buy more american or else .
The clinton administration today accused japan of discrimination against non japanese companies and the clinton administration threatened trade sanctions if that practice does not end in sixty days .
Irv chapman reports from washington .
Government backed construction projects government agency purchasing of computers these were the targets for complaints aimed at japan's trade practices .
We have forty percent of the computer market in japan .
We only have four slash tens of one of the private computer market only four slash tens of one percent of the government central government procurement market .
The japanese construction market public procurement of construction services architectural engineering or construction are closed .
So the u. s. trade representative will spend the next sixty days consulting with the japanese government under threat of retaliation if the situation doesn't improve .
The japanese insist they are indeed buying u. s. super computers for their research facilities and making it easier for u. s. firms to bid on construction projects and to win three hundred million dollars worth .
If they would take unilateral sanctions then the japanese government will be obliged to think of taking its own counter measures including some retaliatory measures against the u. s. companies .
If the japanese are concerned about the activism of the clinton administration kantor's predecessor reminded them it's only a fresh arrangement of the song they've heard before .
I'm not myself very fond of public flamboyant rhetoric .
I don't think that you need to humiliate your trading partner but i do think it's important that japan take quite seriously its responsibility and benefits of opening up its market .
The bush administration negotiated fifteen specific market opening agreements with japan .
This administration wants to <unk> up results in the form of additional sales or else .
The japanese say they won't negotiate under deadline or under pressure but in fact that's how many trade negotiations with europe and with japan have borne fruit in the past .
