The united states holocaust memorial museum in washington d. c. opens to the public next week .
The museum will be dedicated tomorrow by president clinton .
It's the result of more than a decade of planning and fund raising .
It was built with one hundred sixty eight million dollars in private contributions .
The federal government contributed a plot of land just off the mall next to the mint .
The mall is america's roman forum still standing a national commons ringed by marble museums and monuments the capitol building the national gallery the air and space museum .
These are places americans choose to <unk> for what we've achieved or acquired .
Among them a holocaust museum is a strange new neighbor .
It's devoted to a european event nazi germany's genocidal crusade against the jews .
Whether such a museum can justify its place in the civic center of our country thousands of miles from the ghettos and concentration camps of europe was one of the questions that troubled historians such as jerry muller of the catholic university of america .
We asked professor muller to be our reviewer to guide us through the museum .
He entered harboring other questions .
How do you present the history of the holocaust to a mass audience of visitors .
And how do you do it in a way that is historically responsible that is that conveys the specificity of what went on and not get lost in sort of general <unk> about the evils of prejudice which after all is a universal phenomenon or the virtues of tolerance which is a virtue but also has its limits .
Sometimes it leads us to tolerate things we ought not to tolerate .
So in other words how do you convey what's historically specific about this to a wide range of people .
How do you manage to touch them .
The holocaust museum is not a re creation but it is a history exhibit that uses every medium possible architecture sound photography even so called identity cards of real victims .
It follows the process of genocide <unk> from the chaos and despair of german politics in the nineteen twenties to the gas chambers and <unk> of the world war two death camps .
At the start a short documentary film tells the story of the rise of national socialism in the weimar republic the parliamentary democracy that followed imperial germany's defeat in world war one .
Its climax comes after the election of nineteen thirty three when german president von <unk> the head of state named adolf hitler to head the government .
His advisers assured him that hitler could be controlled .
At the end of january nineteen thirty three president <unk> appointed adolf hitler the former army corporal chancellor of germany .
The news of hitler's appointment led to celebrations in cities across germany .
This film would address in some way your concerns about does the museum render the holocaust in its as you say in its specificity as something that happened in europe that grew out of conditions in german history .
Yes .
What it does do it provide everyone with a basic background of the most basic and essential facts about the dilemmas of weimar democracy and the setting under which the national socialists could come to power .
So yes i think it does provide a very basic but necessary common <unk> .
In the displays that trace the policies of the nazi government you can see that german anti semitism was not just a creed of the <unk> .
In one film the young men <unk> heaving banned books onto the fire are elite university students .
This reminds us of something very important and that is that national socialism had a great deal of appeal not just to farmers and not just to unemployed people but to educated people to university students to university professors to medical scientists to social scientists who saw in it an antidote to what they saw as the negative elements of a liberal capitalist democracy a regime that would create a sense of national unity and national purpose that a liberal capitalist society was not supposed to be able to provide .
And they were attracted to it and attracted to the possibility of remaking society and remaking europe along lines that would be set by intellectuals .
The contribution of the intellectuals went further .
Theorists of racial difference contributed the pseudo scientific rationale for attempting to extinguish a people .
Human beings they reasoned belonged to races .
Different physical types form of a hierarchy of merit with germans at the top .
And here we have a very startling exhibit of how this ideology was actually applied .
Here we have an eye chart of various eye colors that were used to match these eye colors to see which typically nordic characteristics people had or didn't have .
Here we have hair samples that were used to gauge people's hair .
Here we have <unk> that were used to measure the size of people's noses and their so called and the size of their <unk> and their so called facial angles .
This was an important believe in racial pseudo science .
Many of the pictures in these exhibits are mounted on vertical black bars .
The inner walls of the museum are brick .
The elevators suggest a warehouse .
It feels like some half prison slash half factory in which you advance through ever narrowing corridors .
The videos that document the holocaust are often shielded behind four foot high walls to protect children from seeing the most graphic atrocities .
There are artifacts here that out of context are completely <unk> but in the scheme of the holocaust turn horrible .
You can walk through a german cattle car the kind that transported the jews .
It's all of eight feet by twenty five perhaps seven feet from floor to ceiling .
I had read for years and taught for years about the holocaust and i had seen many films and videos about the holocaust .
I knew the role of cattle cars in transporting jews from transit camps to the death camps .
But it was only by actually being in this car and remembering that one hundred or more people were stuffed into a car like this for days on end that one that i really got the sense of what it was for so many people to be enclosed in such a small spartan space entirely without facilities which itself was such a terrible thing .
It raises the larger issue of the use of artifacts in this museum of actual things from the time and place .
I was worried at first that it would be museum like in the sense of putting these things on display because they were original and authentic but really i see now that what's occurred is that when you have the background of the information behind you that you get from pictures and videos and text and so on these carefully chosen objects give you a certain feel for the reality of the event that one doesn't necessarily experience from these other media .
The first memory of camp is sitting in the chair having my hair shaved .
And i recall the hair falling in my face mingling with my tears and then a uniform being thrown at me and a pair <unk> and pushed outside .
There is recorded testimony of holocaust survivors telling their stories .
There's a room modeled on an auschwitz barracks and in that room a video display one that's shielded from children shows pictures taken at auschwitz and brings home again what jerry muller calls the specificity of the holocaust .
One set of images shows a teacher who was a dwarf photographed before and after nazi researchers had him stabbed to death to study his <unk> skeleton .
Another man subjected to experiments with air pressure is shown in progressive states of agony then a cross section of his brain .
All this the work of doctors <unk> scientists .
It shows us again how this combination of learning and technical efficiency and devotion to professional advancement and to advancing one's field can go together with the most terrible inhumanity .
And even as these now we're seeing pictures of the women who were subjected to sterilization experiments and children doctor mengele experimented on at auschwitz .
In all cases a photographic record was kept .
This was not regarded with shame .
These were exhibits of experimentation .
Yes .
And one of the facts that makes so much of these exhibits possible is that these german scientists took pride in what they were doing and many of the national socialists who were involved with mass murder took a certain pride in what they were doing .
A lot of the pictures that we see in various places in the museum were snapped by individual soldiers who took them to show the family back home what was going on .
And so there is a tremendous photographic record of what happened .
The germans weren't the only ones to make records of what happened at the camps .
Allied liberating armies appalled and revolted by what they found made films to document the horror .
Excerpts from those films like british army's footage of the camp at bergen <unk> are shown on video monitors toward the end of the exhibit .
I am the reverend t. j. stretch attached as <unk> to the formation concerning this camp .
I've been here eight days and never in my life have i seen such <unk> <unk> .
This morning we buried over five thousand bodies .
We don't know who they are .
Behind me you can see a pit which will contain another five thousand .
There are two others like it in preparation .
All these deaths have been caused by systematic starvation and <unk> and disease which have been spread because of the treatment meted out to these poor people by their s. s. guards and their s. s. chief .
Historian jerry muller came away from the museum impressed his doubts about how well it would record history satisfied .
As for its place near america's mall its relationship to our national history professor muller says the setting is appropriate .
I must tell you after coming through it i concluded that there is something very important and essential that americans as americans learn from all this .
If one walks further down on the mall one can go to the air and space museum and one sees the planes used by the american air force in the second world war .
If one goes to the museum of american history there's an excellent exhibit on the history of american munitions .
But it's really only in walking through the holocaust museum and coming to the end of the holocaust museum and seeing the role of the united states in the liberation not just of the holocaust survivors but the liberation of europe from national socialism that one appreciates what all these other things displayed on the mall are for .
And one realizes that it's it was only the mobilization of american military power and american political will that made possible the end of the national socialist regime .
Nowadays it's very fashionable not to believe in the reality of good and evil .
What this museum does is it reminds anyone and everyone of the reality of evil and that's something that people need to be reminded of and this museum does it in a way that nothing else on the mall does .
Jerry muller associate professor of history at the catholic university of america reviewed the u. s. holocaust memorial museum for us .
Tomorrow president clinton and nobel laureate elie wiesel are among the speakers at the museum's dedication .
