The perception that u. s. jobs are being shipped abroad has been a consistent issue in the debates this year .
It raises a question are jobs really moving overseas .
And if so who is to blame .
C. n. n.'s bonnie anderson has been looking for answers .
It is a heated topic of the campaign .
Mr. bush has used these workers on tax dollars to pay for policies to take their jobs away .
Democrats charging the republican administration is encouraging american companies to move their jobs to latin america .
In <unk> tennessee not very far from my home a factory was shut down right there when they were solicited by officials paid with u. s. taxpayers' money and then the replacement workers in a foreign country were trained with our tax dollars and then their imports were subsidized coming back into the united states .
We do not have we do not have any program that encourages companies to close down here and to go and invest in foreign on foreign soil .
That is absolutely outrageous .
Who was wrong .
Both candidates were .
The u. s. state department does fund several latin american business promotion agencies that among other things encourage american companies looking for cheap labor to move to the region .
According to the u. s. agency for international development one such organization in el salvador has received twenty million dollars since nineteen eighty four for this sort of private sector development program .
The american companies can then also take advantage of free worker training offered by the agency to the general public as well as favorable tax and tariff treatment for goods brought to the united states .
While this type of american economic involvement does help stabilize shaky countries some economists say it's a double edged sword .
You are exposing american jobs when you provide the <unk> type of initiatives or the caribbean basin type of initiatives this does expose american jobs to a potential foreign bite .
But federal officials say the united states has gained much more than it has lost .
By promoting economic growth in latin america it builds markets for american products .
U. s. exports to latin america have grown by fifty billion dollars since nineteen eighty seven they say creating a million jobs at home .
In el salvador for example we have assisted nine u. s. companies none of them by the way have closed down any operations in the united states to move to el salvador as a matter of fact most of them have increased employment in the united states as a result of their expansion overseas .
But with so many americans out of work a coalition of unions is claiming the companies that moved to latin america closed at least sixty five plants in the united states .
Was the tennessee factory that senator gore referred to one of them .
No says the <unk> group the holding company that owned it .
The factory and it's parent company folded because they were broke .
A spokesman said a separate firm owned by the holding company began manufacturing in el salvador a year earlier and has no connection with the tennessee facility .
But in <unk> tennessee the explanations given by <unk> and washington are greeted with angry skepticism by former employees like ricky gordon .
Town officials agree .
That hurts the man down the street .
That hurts the man that runs the <unk> .
That hurts the <unk> that hurts the man that sells .
But in a campaign year when the economy is the main issue it makes good fodder for campaign cannons .
While the presidential candidates have only one more debate to discuss the issue there's no doubt american workers will be debating a policy of latin american economic development for years to come .
