Ross perot claims the north american free trade agreement is similar to shooting yourself in the foot .
Perot arguing his case against nafta before the senate banking committee today .
He says it will mean jobs will move to mexico a claim nafta supporters dispute .
Perot also called it economic treason for an american to lobby on behalf of the interests of other countries .
The iowa supreme court says there's a balancing of rights at a political rally and a <unk> tipped the balance when he denied former president bush the chance to speak .
At a nineteen ninety fundraiser charles <unk> and others voiced their opposition to united states involvement in kuwait .
<unk> appealed his <unk> conduct conviction saying his constitutional right to free speech was violated .
The iowa state supreme court ruled president bush possessed the same right and <unk> denied it .
The conviction stands .
Many americans consider it their right to poke fun at their political system .
What would editorial cartoonists draw or humorists talk about if not for politics .
Well in russia politics hasn't always been a laughing matter but that's changing as c. n. n.'s claire shipman reports .
Russians have always enjoyed a good chuckle at the expense of their leaders boris yeltsin included .
Of course a few years ago making fun of the kremlin boss wouldn't have had funny results .
Oh there were plenty of jokes about the old guys all right but told on the sly .
These days with political theatrics in high gear it's open season on all politicians .
In march there was a kremlin meeting this young comic <unk> sang not to decide which branch has power but from which branch they all should hang .
For the last half decade political humor has been on the rise but some think it may be losing it's appeal .
It was interesting then because it was forbidden fruit says the director of this theater company now we're moving away from it toward everyday humor .
Take this little <unk> about high prices and the search for an affordable pay toilet .
There's nothing else we can do but laugh he says but politics aren't worth laughing at .
Olga for one though still enjoys a good joke about antics at the top .
It seems to me our congress is a lot like a circus she says but less talented .
Hmm .
Maybe so .
The pen of course can prove equally cutting .
<unk> magazine openly <unk> all the big shots .
In decades past it towed a careful political line drawing laughs from scenes of everyday life .
Vladimir <unk> says people may be tired of politics but try as they might they can't escape from high prices and spiraling inflation the subject of this cartoon .
It's all politics at root .
And of course the man who made all this public fun poking possible had himself included .
He's still good for a laugh now and then .
So if the ailment is russian politics laughter may not be the cure but it certainly helps to ease the pain .
Claire shipman c. n. n. moscow .
That's all for this edition of inside politics .
I'm bernard shaw .
