As we've been reporting in a little over three hours president clinton presents congress to his proposed nineteen ninety six federal budget .
But this is a much different congress mr. clinton is dealing with since last <unk> election .
Joining us to discuss the budget and other issues republican national committee chairman haley barbour and democratic party strategist paul begala .
Good morning to you both .
Good morning bob .
Morning .
Mr. begala let me turn to you first and ask you why knowing the republicans were going after the budget with a meat axe did the president go after it with a scalpel .
Well i don't agree with that characterization bob .
This president has already cut the budget by five hundred dollar billion without a single republican vote .
This budget continues that work cutting the budget again by one hundred forty four dollar billion .
The president's budget today cuts the deficit cuts spending and cuts taxes for the middle class .
But what it doesn't do is just as important .
It does not cut medicare in order to cut capital gains taxes on the very rich .
That's something that mr. <unk> party and the republicans want to do .
As soon as they get their hands on this budget they're going to go right after medicare .
And this president cuts the deficit without cutting into medicare so that so that the republicans won't be able to give their capital gains tax cuts to the very rich .
Are you people going to do that mr. barbour .
Of course the fact of the matter is bob in this budget the deficit's going to go up .
And it's going to continue to be about two hundred dollar billion for the next ten or twelve years .
And the american people know that that's not acceptable .
But i want just start off by saying we do not dismiss the president's budget out of hand .
It's not dead on arrival as they used to say about george bush's budget or ronald reagan's budget when it went before the democrat congress .
We're going to give it the serious consideration that it deserves .
The fact of the matter is though everybody understands that it doesn't do enough .
We'll we're determined to have a balanced budget by the year two thousand two .
President clinton's budget does not do that .
When it comes to spending in fact president clinton not only didn't bite the bullet he didn't even bite the b. b. .
How about the minimum wage issue mr. barbour .
The president has tossed that ball in your court now .
Well president clinton wants to raise the minimum wage to five dollars and fifteen cents an hour .
We're not going to do anything that destroys jobs or is anti young or anti poor .
And the fact of the matter is the last time that we raised the minimum wage it did hurt jobs particularly among african american people whose wages went whose job loss went up unemployment rate went up thirty percent .
The congressional budget office when it was controlled by the democrats said a minimum wage increase of this magnitude would cost five hundred thousand jobs .
And for what purpose .
Seventy percent of the people who earn the minimum wage are part time workers .
A million of them are teenagers who come from families that have family income of fifty thousand dollars a year .
Only eight percent of of heads of household earned a minimum wage and many of them are not poor .
So there is no case for this minimum wage increase but when you see the job loss and how anti small business it is the case against it is overwhelming .
Mr. begala do you expect any increase in the minimum wage to actually survive congress .
Well i think the american people are going to want one .
The republicans are going to have to answer whether or not they deliver one .
You can't raise a family on the eight thousand dollars or nine thousand dollars a year that the minimum wage provides .
It i i can't help but laugh though bob to hear haley barbour the chairman of the republican national committee all of a sudden now with new found words about teenagers and poor people and minorities .
This is a party the republicans that are going to try to go after student loans that help young people try to go after medicare that helps elderly people try to go after people that can raise people up out of poverty and into the middle class and help to raise people in the middle class up into prosperity .
That's the target that they have set in their budget .
It's why they oppose a minimum wage which is just fundamental fairness for working people .
And yet they want to do everything they can to cut medicare in order to give a tax break to the very rich .
Let's talk about .
Let me just mention bob .
All right briefly .
Bill clinton's budget cut medicare fifty six dollar billion two years ago .
In the clinton tax bill medicare was cut fifty six dollar billion .
All this idea that the republicans are going to cut medicare you know let's get the facts straight about who's already cut medicare .
Without as paul said without one single republican voting for it .
Let me get this straight first the medicare cuts in the president's budget were fifty six dollar billion of cuts on providers that is the physicians and hospitals that provide it .
And that is enough cuts already .
If you go beyond that you start to cut senior citizens .
I want to ask the chairman here if he'll give a pledge that the republicans will not cut medicare any farther .
Well the fact of the matter is president clinton who who himself appointed an entitlements commission two years ago because of the problems the fact that medicare is going into bankruptcy and he appointed a commission which made recommendations to him but he just ignored him .
He won't stand up and even say one thing about the problems his own commission said had to be tended to .
He and so but who's going to be <unk> here and who's just going to take the political easy way out .
O. k. well i'd like to run down that trail further but because of time constraints let's turn to a couple of issues .
Doctor henry foster the president's choice to be surgeon general mr. barbour two key republicans both dole and lott say it is in trouble .
Is he going to get through congress .
Well i think a lot of it depends on his testimony .
And i don't want to prejudge him but he has been a on the board of a group that advocated giving condoms to all people all children in schools to teach <unk> to people in kindergarten .
Now i don't know if he shares those views or not .
But certainly that raises red flags .
The question of abortion i mean does is he for abortion on demand at any time and pregnancy for any reason or no reason .
Or does he favor some limitations .
Those are questions that have to come out of these hearings .
Paul begala the republicans are apparently considering pulling back backing off at least some affirmative action programs .
Are you aware of that .
We'll let the republicans state their positions for themselves .
Bob i want to jump in to defend the record of doctor foster .
He has for example been endorsed by bill <unk> who is a new republican senator very conservative .
He's the senator from tennessee .
He has been a physician by training and he has worked with doctor foster and he endorses him .
Lamar alexander who very much would like to be president but was the governor of <unk> which is where doctor foster's from he has endorsed this man .
The group that he's been on the board of is called planned parenthood and it was founded many years ago by the father of george bush .
So i don't think exactly this is a radical nomination it's just the republicans again trying to divide people .
And doctor foster's a man who built his career on delivering babies but also trying to prevent teenage pregnancy .
And he's had remarkable success with that in tennessee as even the most conservative republicans in his state will tell you .
All right mr. barbour before you folks get away i have to ask you about senator strom thurmond .
Reports circulating now that the chairman of the senate arms services committee who is now ninety two years old may not be up to the job .
That he has apparently had some difficulty concentrating in some recent meetings and contexts .
What can you tell us about his prospects for continuing as chairman .
I would say his prospects are one hundred percent bob .
Strom <unk> a remarkable man .
And i i i happen to be with him about one once a week at a luncheon where he speaks .
And he's remarkable .
I don't think there's anything i haven't heard these reports let me say that first of all and i don't think there's anything to it at all .
I think senator thurmond who did a spectacular job as chairman of the senate judiciary previously will do just as good a job as chairman of armed services .
