In china it's one of the most daunting and politically risky challenges facing reformers overcoming the hard line policies and attitudes governing state run industry .
C. n. n.'s mike chinoy examines the issue in today's segment of our series the dragon stirs .
There are very few cities in china these days with statues of chairman mao in the main square .
<unk> is one of them .
The symbolism is appropriate .
With its forest of smokestacks this industrial center in northeastern china is representative of the worst of communist economics .
Most of its enterprises are run by the state .
They are <unk> unproductive inefficient and in the red .
It's the same story throughout china .
Despite employing tens of millions of workers state run industries are now being dramatically out performed by china's smaller but rapidly growing private sector .
Two thirds of all our state run enterprises are losing money .
They are subsidized by the government .
They feature the so called iron rice bowl guaranteed lifetime employment so the workers have no incentive to work and the managers have no authority to manage .
Almost everyone in china agrees that state run industries are in desperate need of change .
But smashing the iron rice bowl has proved to be one of the most daunting and politically risky challenges facing china's reformers .
This is what's left of the <unk> refrigerator factory .
After years of turning out shiny merchandise and losing money the government finally let it go bankrupt .
For people like liu <unk> who had worked at the factory for twenty five years it meant the end of cradle to grave security .
Suddenly i had no income .
I had to fend for myself and look for a job .
Liu was lucky his factory's assets were taken over by a small but successful joint venture plant .
He and some other workers were given new jobs .
But not everyone is so fortunate .
Every day groups of unemployed people gather on this street seeking jobs as day laborers .
Most of them are victims of decisions made here in the <unk> bankruptcy office which has so far allowed twenty seven state run firms to go out of business .
A tiny handful but a record in china .
The main problem is what to do with workers who lose their jobs especially because we don't have an adequate social security system .
If the unemployment rate is too high then you'll get social problems .
We need to avoid this .
In the countryside the government's move a decade ago to break up the people's communes and allow the revival of private farming produced not unrest but a boon .
But in the more politically volatile cities the authorities caught between the demands of economic logic and the risks of worker unrest continue to tread <unk> .
The iron rice bowl is cracking but it has not yet been shattered into pieces .
