Remembering the summer floods of ninety three they are still having a profound impact on valmeyer illinois .
Flooding heavily damaged six hundred houses <unk> more than half the families in the town of nine hundred .
Water swamped a dozen businesses .
Flood stage in valmeyer is thirty feet .
The mississippi river <unk> twenty one feet above that .
Damage estimates topped fifty five million dollars .
C. n. n.'s jeff flock was there during the floods .
He joins us from valmeyer now with a second look at some people trying to rise above the destination .
Jeff .
Natalie i think the best thing we can do is to take a peek inside people's homes and peek a little bit inside their lives as they try and cope with the aftermath of what for many has been the greatest flood that they have ever experienced .
We're in the home of beverly richards right now .
Perhaps you can see some of what surrounds us .
It does appear to be a home that has been through a flood but unlike some of the homes that we saw earlier a lot of the work has been done here .
This is not at all a total loss .
Obviously a lot of the walls is still badly damaged and you can see the effects of the flood .
But most of the town really looks very different .
Outside if we take a look you see homes the way most homes appear here a lot of debris debris out at the curb .
Beverly has a done a lot she and her husband have done a lot of the work here .
It's perhaps you're intention to try and hold on to what you have here rather than move somewhere else .
Yes .
Nothing i'd like better than to stay here but it's going to be very lonely out here by ourselves and the threat of the water coming back again is my greatest fear .
My husband would come back in a heartbeat but i'm afraid .
We did buy a lot in the new town for the insurance policy so as to have a place to go .
When you look at the water that's what makes you scared .
You're afraid that water's gonna come back .
I know if we took a look at some pictures from that flood and i'm going to ask you to take a look here you can see what that looks like .
That's what you're afraid of coming back .
Yes yes .
I remember the first day we came .
It was just overwhelming .
I could hardly talk .
Now we've got a crew out there rolling down the streets of valmeyer now let's take a look at that if we can what it looks like today .
The water is gone but the destruction remains .
Oh desolate it just looks barren and bleak and i think that's with winter hasn't done anything to help that pictures .
Spring may be whole new .
Seeing all that debris out there .
We see signs down obviously as we look live outside your home now this is just down the street .
Is there any way in your view this town could ever come back here .
I don't think so .
I don't think so and the dream of moving the town to top of the hill is a good one and it's probably the best thing that this town could do .
The devastation is just too too much and too bad .
A lot of mess there obviously if you're looking in front of this house here debris tons of debris .
Well we've had four piles higher than the one you just saw outside of our house .
I want to know see what you're doing here now .
I know you've got a guard here at your home .
You're not able to live here yet because you don't have any electricity or anything but maybe if we can get him maybe you can get him to come on over .
Tom i don't know if we can see but this is there he is that's sonny what are you doing .
Why is the dog here and what have you done maybe tom you can see where he lives over there .
Well we live in a f. e. m. a. trailer in waterloo and it's really not conducive for keeping an animal and he's an outside dog and he's been in foster care and we wanted to get him home as soon as we could .
So my husband said what do you think we should do .
And i suggested why don't we just put him in the house .
And it'll be at least out of the weather and he'll have a place to stay and we'll put his dog house in here and my husband comes by everyday to walk him and bring him his favorite treats so he really hasn't missed much .
And speaking of your house i want to do something and let you see i know this brings back some memory for you .
If we can go ahead pete if we have that this is your house with the water .
You really love this home i know you worked very hard to restore it .
Oh well since nineteen sixty seven sixty six when my husband and i first came to town .
I knew i would own this house some day and a year later it went up for sale and we bought it .
Oh there it is it looks a little better but no water but .
Yeah it looks bad but it looks good compared to all my neighbors .
I think we're one of the few on this end of town or maybe the only one on this end of town that has less than fifty percent damage .
Beverly i appreciate it very much .
Thank you very much for sharing your thoughts with us today .
A great obviously a great house here and she is hoping that it comes back and has some question if we look elsewhere around this town .
We see that this town would have a long way to come back if it was trying to come back here but the good news is that they hope to take these homes and not these literally these homes but to move on up to the hill on up to higher ground and go forward from there .
We will have one last look from valmeyer here today six o'clock eastern time and talk with some folks though who say definitely they are not going to move but they want to say here and live in what everyone says will be a ghost town .
We'll take a look at it .
