One of britain's national treasures may be hiding a treasure of its own .
It's windsor castle just west of london a residence of the british royal family .
C. n. n.'s margaret lowrie reports .
Windsor castle filled with the priceless treasures and traditions of nine centuries of british <unk> has long been rumored to guard wealth of another kind oil .
Now queen elizabeth has given a canadian country consent to begin exploration next year to try to find it .
Dismayed town planners worry about potential damage to the environment and to <unk> image .
We feel that this may be the thin end of an environmentally bad wedge .
And if it is we don't want to know about it .
Nestled along the thames river the waterway leading to london some twenty miles away saxon kings favored windsor for hunting .
The <unk> built the first fortress after william the conqueror invaded in one thousand sixty six .
Some thirty thousand people live in modern day windsor another four million visit each year .
Some view oil exploration as a <unk> of their national heritage .
The sanctity of the royalty of the united kingdom should remain as it is .
If they want to drill there's plenty of oil elsewhere .
I just think they should leave it alone .
But windsor is also the queen's weekend home and many here say if she approves it it must be okay .
It's on the queen's land so i think the decision remains with queen .
She wouldn't do it if it wasn't a good idea .
Some experts say the flap over royal oil is much ado about nothing .
If there is oil there the production site might be something the size of a tennis court .
And probably it will be screened by trees and bushes so that unless you were inside there you wouldn't know it was there .
Some reports estimate there may be as much as one hundred million barrels of oil under the grounds of the <unk> great park .
But even though it's crown property any royalties would go to the nation's treasury not the queen .
The canadian company wants to start exploration next september but town officials say don't get out the drill yet .
The queen's consent alone is not enough .
The final decision rests with the <unk> country council and that won't be known until january .
