December twenty first nineteen ninety three .
After a year of battles scandals and missteps it seemed things were finally on course and then this .
He was obsessed with women .
I blocked streets for him while these liaisons went on with the women .
Two members of clinton's security detail from arkansas offer stories of past infidelity .
These kind of stories i don't think are going to go away .
There's always going to be people trying to make some money off of this .
Tonight fiction or fact .
Fighting the character question again at the white house .
This is a. b. c. news nightline .
Substituting for ted koppel and reporting from washington chris wallace .
It may be a sign of the times but we have become comfortable by now dealing with stories of presidential <unk> .
We talk easily about franklin roosevelt's long relationship with lucy mercer .
We've gotten tired of hearing about john kennedy and all his women .
But all that is safely in the past .
What we're going to talk about tonight is something much less comfortable ugly personal allegations about the sitting president just one year into his term .
Four arkansas state troopers who were members of the clinton security detail when he was governor say they helped him carry out extramarital affairs even after he was elected president .
And one of the troopers says that from the white house mr. clinton offered federal jobs in return for silence .
The white house is clearly struggling with how to respond attacking the accusers flatly denying that any jobs were offered but not sure how to defend a president who's admitted causing pain in his marriage .
We begin tonight with the anatomy of this growing controversy from a. b. c.'s tom foreman .
It started sunday evening on c. n. n. .
A top administration aide used the word scurrilous today to describe charges made in the conservative magazine american spectator that president clinton while governor of arkansas used state troopers to help arrange dates for him with a number of women .
He was obsessed with women .
At first the allegations from troopers roger perry and larry patterson raised only moderate interest .
On several occasions he would tell me the blond or the <unk> or the <unk> or the lady in the red dress or the green dress go find out what her name is .
Get her telephone number .
And i would do that .
Even though they supplied details of dozens of alleged sexual encounters most of the press was wary .
The story ran deep inside the washington post on monday deep inside the new york times today .
Broadcast reporting was cautious .
The white house today denounced as ridiculous allegations which emerged over the weekend that president clinton when he was governor of arkansas used public employees to perform questionable personal and private duties .
Then the los angeles times unveiled the findings of a four and a half month investigation .
It was the most complete account of the alleged <unk> to date and suddenly it was open season on the president .
She was dressed in a raincoat and a hat and came in at five fifteen in the morning and had a liaison with clinton in the game room in the bottom floor of the governor's mansion .
David david david this is getting a little bizarre .
Next thing we're going to see .
Hey it's bizarre but hey bill clinton is a bizarre guy .
Wait a second .
Much of what has been reported so far is clearly old news the same tired accusations simply embellished with lurid descriptions .
If that was all there was to the story it likely would have and should have died the day it came out .
But three new and serious allegations have emerged and they are causing all the fuss .
The first that governor clinton misused the powers of his office by ordering state troopers to help arrange dates with women and by making them run personal family errands .
We were sent to blockbusters and to rent a video things like that .
Picked up prescriptions for medical prescriptions for the governor picked up laundry things like that .
Security was actually a second it took a second to being a butler .
The second that the alleged affairs went on much later than previously believed .
During the campaign voters heard a lot about candidate clinton's supposed relationship with gennifer flowers so much that he eventually went on t. v. to deny the charges and admit he may have made some mistakes .
You go back and listen to what i said .
You know i have acknowledged wrongdoing i have acknowledged causing pain in my marriage .
The new reports suggest governor clinton's alleged affairs continued after that interview indeed right up until he left arkansas to be inaugurated .
And finally the most serious charge that president clinton in recent months tried to cover up his past by offering federal jobs to the troopers who knew about his alleged <unk> .
That would be illegal .
The white house admits the president did call some state troopers but only to ask what they were telling the press .
There is also one new piece of potentially incriminating physical evidence part of the governor's telephone record from nineteen eighty nine to nineteen ninety one a record which shows he made fifty nine calls to the home and office of one of the women identified by the troopers .
Those phone records obtained by the l. a. times and a. b. c. news show indeed the governor once called her number after one o'clock in the morning and talked to her for an hour and a half .
On another occasion the records indicate he made eleven calls to her home in a single day .
None of this proves anything but the white house today was scrambling to do damage control .
The first lady told the associated press these are outrageous terrible stories promoted by people who clearly have political and financial reason to do so .
The president's schedule was such today that he never came close to reporters who wanted to ask him about those charges but tomorrow that will change .
At two events he is scheduled to meet with the press and there will be plenty of questions .
This is tom foreman for nightline in washington .
While the troopers have been busy trying to get their story into the media questions have also been raised about the troopers themselves and about their lawyer cliff jackson who has aggressively been doing all he can to publicize their allegations .
With more on this part of the story here's mike von fremd .
Cliff jackson was a college classmate of bill clinton's at oxford and claims he was once a good friend .
But in new hampshire during the crucial presidential primary jackson was the first to go to the press to say he had proof that bill clinton dodged the draft .
Ever since he has done everything he could to destroy clinton's political future .
When a candidate whether it's bill clinton or george bush is packaged in a manner that is one hundred eighty degrees from the truth we need to know that .
We need to know the real man who is occupying the white house .
Jackson not only insists on being present during all the <unk> interviews at times he interrupts to encourage them to be more explicit .
This is what jackson did when trooper larry patterson was talking about gennifer flowers .
Wait just a minute larry .
You're still not making the point .
I mean the point gennifer flowers claimed that he got her the state job and you heard the conversation .
The troopers make accusations such as seeing women escorted into the mansion for late night rendezvous but when pressed it turns out that several of their allegations are second hand .
Did you see that yourself though .
Did i actually see it .
Yeah .
Number .
Arkansas state police personnel files on trooper patterson reveal that he was suspended in nineteen seventy for slapping his wife .
<unk> file criticized him for being absent minded and irresponsible .
But for the most part the reports are highly complimentary and in nineteen eighty four clinton wrote perry a letter praising his professional attitude and today their boss was directly asked about the <unk> credibility .
Do you think these men are lying .
I'm not going to call the men a liar .
I don't know and i the only way i know of to answer you is i think the only people that do know are those two men and bill clinton .
For now it appears the <unk> jobs are secure .
Unlike secret service agents who are strictly prohibited from revealing anything about the people they protect under arkansas regulations troopers are free to speak to anyone about anything and these two troopers are now attacking the man they used to protect .
Mike von fremd for nightline in little rock .
When we come back we'll be joined by the two los angeles times reporters who have been working on this story for the past few months and by the new <unk> political reporter sidney blumenthal .
Joining us now are the two reporters who wrote the los angeles times story that propelled this controversy .
In our los angeles bureau william <unk> and joining us here in washington is co writer douglas <unk> as well as sidney blumenthal the washington editor for the new yorker magazine who has covered politics for twenty years .
Doug i want to start with the sense of discomfort that a lot of people feel about this story .
We're talking about a sitting president .
The issue of infidelity has already been judged by the voters .
Why pursue this story for four and a half months .
Well i mean bill <unk> and i are about as uncomfortable with those issues as anyone can be .
We spent months going over them and trying to corroborate them and it's not a pleasant task .
It's not pleasant to ask people these questions .
But we do think they're important because this story and the allegations go well beyond infidelity they go beyond what came out during the campaign and they go to the heart of what the president has done in recent weeks to try and silence these troopers to discourage them to keep out .
I think the most serious charges in our story hinge on the president's call to a trooper offering him a job as a regional director of the federal emergency management agency or a little rock u. s. <unk> post and offering a job through him to roger perry in order to discourage them to keep out .
I think those are actions taken according to our troopers by a sitting president and they raise serious questions about just what it is bill clinton is trying to hide and how far he's willing to go .
But bill going through bill clinton's phone records from nineteen eighty nine seeing how many times he talked to a woman and for how long honestly did you have any qualms about doing that and what do you think it really proves .
Well understand that we went to those records to corroborate the stories of troopers .
It wasn't to count how many phone calls were made .
In fact we didn't know we would find that when we looked in it .
We were told by trooper larry patterson however that we that he had been approached by aides to governor clinton during nineteen ninety and told that because they were worried that the press might get onto some of his phone calls to a girl to a friend that if they did they wanted the aide wanted larry patterson to take the blame to tell the press that he made those phone calls that those were his <unk> phone calls and that bill clinton meanwhile would pay the forty dollars that he'd run up in charges .
We were looking to see if that would check out and sure enough not only did we find all these phone records that showed that he did make the phone calls but we found the check that bill clinton wrote for forty dollars and sixty five cents with his handwritten note on it for phone calls .
Sidney we all talk about where was the press when jack kennedy was having all of his affairs .
Isn't this fair game .
This strikes me as a large deliberate distraction .
I think that what we do know is that there's a small far right wing group of people who through these disgruntled state troopers have put out <unk> salacious details and through that have been able to pull the strings of the mainstream media in sending them i think like mindless <unk> down blind alleys .
To the extent that there has been some independent inquiry into this what we have found for the most part are <unk> of these charges .
Now i wish to add that not only is cliff jackson involved who you mentioned in your earlier report who has been engaged in a very long time political and personal vendetta against the president but a younger right wing writer i hesitate to call him a journalist david brock who's written on anita hill and accused her of being part of a conspiracy and a <unk> charges that were very convincingly <unk> in the new yorker my magazine by two wall street journal writers .
Now in his report he produces charges made by these troopers about the first lady's so called sexual activities .
They're quite lurid quite explicit about her affairs .
Now either they're true or they're not true .
Now brock has said in the washington post of tomorrow that it's purely circumstantial .
In other words more <unk> evidence .
Well <unk> it's true or not .
We're not here to defend david <unk> story by any means .
We're here to talk about what the corroboration that we have .
Bill let me ask you because you admit quite candidly that you were contacted on this story by this cliff jackson .
That's right .
This notorious clinton basher does that in any way <unk> your story .
Certainly not .
Cliff jackson was a source of our stories last year on the draft but more than that a source only goes so far .
A source makes an introduction and that's what cliff did .
He called me in fact before the american spectator ever came to little rock .
We were in little rock we were down there before there was any right wing conspiracy hatched but cliff jackson made the invest made the introduction of us to the troopers and at that point it ceased to be a cliff jackson enterprise it was at that point a reporting enterprise and at that point we had to win the confidence of the troopers and then we had to corroborate what they had to tell us .
And if they didn't if it wasn't <unk> there wasn't a story .
That's what we did next it was an old fashioned piece of journalism looking at records and talking to people hours days weeks of interviews .
And cliff jackson had nothing to do with that that was two reporters from the los angeles times .
Gentlemen we have to break in here but when we return i want to ask you all about just how strong the evidence is on some of the major allegations and also what some people are calling holes in their story .
And we'll be back in a moment .
And we're back now with bill <unk> doug <unk> and sidney blumenthal .
Doug i think you would agree that the two most serious charges that you make in your story are one that clinton continued his affairs right through the election and two that in the white house he was offering these troopers federal jobs in return for their silence .
As i understand it your evidence for that is just the testimony of the state troopers correct .
Yes by and large it is .
It's their corroborated testimony of testimony as statements of of in one case at least two state troopers and in another case in the most serious case is indeed chris the phone call and there we have only the word of the trooper who received it against the word of the white house .
But that trooper upon receiving those phone calls contemporaneously described them to two other people .
One of them was roger perry who told us about those calls initially and they were subsequently confirmed by the reporter who or by the by the trooper who received them and also he told them to another trooper and that trooper also confirmed for us the substance of those calls as described by the trooper who received him .
You know we are talking here about the president of the united states .
I guess i'd ask why is that enough evidence .
Well it's enough evidence to put out there because there's so much other evidence corroborating the underlying allegations that president clinton while the governor of arkansas and after being elected president was having affairs with women other than his wife .
All four of the troopers we interviewed in depth over a period of several months confirmed independently that they took clinton to late night meetings with gennifer flowers and with other women .
One of the women they described was the woman whose home received the telephone calls and whose off who got the telephone calls at those offices .
That was for us very important information those telephone records when we came across those showing that there is a relationship that bill clinton had with this woman and the white house when we questioned them on sunday night absolutely refused to respond to any questions about that woman except to say the president calls a lot of people .
How many people does he call at one thirty in the morning and talk for an hour and a half and then call back for eighteen minutes a few hours later that morning .
Sidney blumenthal i can see .
And chris chris .
Well let me bring in sidney blumenthal at this point .
I see you're not buying this .
This is highly suggestive but no proof whatsoever .
In fact the washington post this morning reported that the secret service which was around the president elect president elect clinton at the time that he was leaving little rock when these troopers were claiming he was saying goodbye to a girlfriend claimed that this was untrue .
The secret service says it's untrue according to the washington post .
I don't think they responded to this particular issue .
Well yes they were .
And that's in the post this morning .
But there's a larger issue and that is the question of perspective .
What we see here is a kind of geraldo effect where the press is chasing <unk> down these alleys and you have political forces that set them in motion that get what they want out of it .
They create this kind of effect through the gradual slippage of standards and the press thinks it's dealing with facts .
But in fact there are political motives and political forces that are behind this that ought to be considered and it's very important that this perspective be brought to bear on these questions rather than thinking in a narrow way .
Let me get to bill on that issue .
I mean there's been a lot of suggestion that these troopers are somehow the tool of cliff jackson .
Right .
There's been the suggestion they're in this to make money .
Why do you think these troopers have come forward .
Yeah yeah .
These troopers have come forward for no promise of money .
They've been paid nothing .
They've done this at great risk to their personal careers and to their comfort in their home state and their hometown .
Why .
I think they've done it as a it's a it's an exhibition of courage not not some kind of manipulation .
They were troubled by what they did they have it's a concern that has <unk> over the months and years and i believe that they've come forward because they feel strongly about it not because they're anybody's tool .
Sidney blumenthal whether it's true or not and i know you have your doubts this is you know perception is reality this story is all over the networks all over the front pages .
How does the white house plan to get past this .
I have no idea what their strategy is about this sort of business .
I regard this as a rather trivial business .
You know the clintons rather painfully and publicly discussed the difficulties in their marriage as their introduction to the american voters .
And the voters elected bill clinton president .
What this story says is simply that it suggests without corroboration yet that bill clinton had <unk> affairs which is something he has admitted .
There are other questions involved here questions about the private lives of public figures and whether or not it has any bearing on their public performance .
And there are the questions then about journalistic propriety and standards .
You know let me respond to that chris if i may .
You've got about fifteen seconds .
Okay .
Well sidney says he that the president went on t. v. and addressed these questions .
In fact according to our troopers he lied when he went on television and said that he did not have an affair with gennifer flowers .
Four of these troopers say that they delivered him frequently to late night rendezvous there .
They received her calls at the mansions for hundreds of calls over a period of twelve years .
Doug we're going to have to leave it there .
We're just flat out of time .
Doug <unk> bill <unk> sid blumenthal thank you all very much for joining us tonight .
And i'll be back in a moment .
Tomorrow on world news tonight with peter jennings the american agenda looks at how one school handles christmas in a multicultural world .
That's tomorrow night on this a. b. c. station .
And that's our report for tonight .
I'm chris wallace in washington .
