There is a movement in this country that princeton university's robert <unk> regards as the third great realignment of american religion .
The first he says was the <unk> of european state churches in colonial times the second the immigration of catholics orthodox christians and jews which ended the american protestant <unk> .
The current movement that <unk> describes in his book sharing the journey is the trend toward small groups as religious mini congregations .
The book is based on a gallup survey of americans' involvement in small groups both religious and secular .
Small spiritual groups bible classes jewish <unk> or friendship circles church based support groups and twelve step programs have all <unk> he says because american religious leaders have embraced and encouraged them .
Membership in a small group of a dozen or so people who meet regularly is as common among jews as among christians among catholics as well as protestants and among baptists as well as <unk> .
And robert <unk> says the gallup survey found they account for a sizable share of the u. s. population .
Forty percent of americans say they are currently involved in a small group that meets on a regular basis and provides them with caring and support .
Now a small group that provides caring and support still covers a lot of ground .
Many of these are church groups .
Many of them though are book groups that are completely secular in purpose .
And still others you admit might be the bowling team .
How much can you generalize about small groups that are so different in purpose and nature .
Well you can generalize a lot especially about the religious groups which make up more than fifty percent of all small groups .
People who are involved in religious groups do many of the same activities whether it's a catholic group or a protestant group or a jewish group .
And then many of the self help groups twelve step groups alcoholics anonymous and so forth also are doing spiritual or religious things .
So the ones that are that are most different would be civic action groups and sports and hobby groups but it's not nearly as intense as many of the other groups .
One of the issues that you address in writing about small groups is whether in banding together in these groups and attending them whether people are seeking some kind of refuge from the trends of american society at large whether they're either trying to stop some process toward anonymity or alienation or whether they're in the swim .
And you conclude that really these groups shouldn't be seen as counter cultural in some way they are part of all the directions that we're headed in .
That's right .
Especially the direction toward a more anonymous society .
We don't live in neighborhoods where we know each other .
We don't have extended families that we communicate with on a regular basis .
Instead we move around a lot each member of the family goes his or her own way and these groups are very much a part of the consumer society in which we live .
We shop for spirituality and for support in the same way that we shop for automobiles and food .
Although i suspect that a lot of people listening who attend a group will protest at this point and i'll i'll be hearing from them in the mail saying that no i find refuge from all those very values you are describing in the group that gets together every wednesday evening at the local church .
Do they have a point .
They do have a point .
At the personal level i would be very strongly supportive of what happens in these groups .
And yet as one looks from a bird's eye view let's say at the phenomenon and you ask yourself where are these groups taking us .
The concern is that we will become increasingly a fragmented society in which the only people that we know are the ten or twelve other people that we have chosen to spend our time with .
You note that most groups are not much of a racial mix they don't represent very much of a racial mix and most people belong to a group that is either predominantly white or it has a black minority to it .
Doesn't that though simply mirror the organization of our churches already that have interestingly been rather slow to integrate or to desegregate even as churches were in the vanguard of desegregation in this country .
The sad thing is that it not only mirrors what's happening in the churches but it makes it worse .
That is people within a congregation of say five hundred people are likely to band together with a dozen other people who are not only of the same race but have the same theological convictions and perhaps have the same <unk> or the same lifestyle .
And so within a congregation they don't become acquainted with other people of different orientations within their own congregation .
So that the small group as break out session from the plenary of the of the congregation becomes a comfortable area in which one is less challenged and with more like minded people than back in the in the main sanctuary and that larger crowd .
And this is why small groups should be seen as part of a balanced program within congregations rather than congregations turning all of their efforts to small groups .
There still need to be larger programs and larger settings in which interaction across the congregation can happen opportunities for worship certainly and opportunities for education and service .
