Scientists find possible link between humans and chimps .
Two volcanoes in papua new guinea erupted on monday creating a disastrous situation on the island of new britain and possibly some global weather ramifications .
Clouds of dust and ash climbed over a mile into the sky .
Lightening created by the thick clouds struck and killed one man .
Residents evacuated the island as the volcanoes continued to erupt on tuesday and wednesday .
The massive clouds were even seen by the <unk> the space shuttle discovery .
Some scientists predict the dust and ash could lower temperatures on earth in coming months by blocking sunlight .
Scientists this week announced they may be closer than ever to finding the holy grail of anthropology the missing link between humans and our closest animal relative the chimpanzee .
Scientists revealed they have found the fossilized remains of humans which lived in what is now ethiopia about four and one half million years ago .
Craig heaps dug deep for the details .
Shapes that could hold the key to human history .
These <unk> represent fossils found over the past two years from seventeen individuals who scientists believe lived nearly four and one half million years ago .
These are the oldest human ancestors yet discovered .
Anthropologist tim white and his colleagues found the fossils in the <unk> region of northern ethiopia an area rich with fossils .
They discovered the base of a skull several teeth part of a child's jaw and an entire arm .
They think the bones come from a <unk> species that they named <unk> <unk> ancestors of human beings on the evolutionary scale .
Until now the oldest find was the species <unk> <unk> nicknamed lucy when discovered in nineteen seventy three .
Scientists estimate lucy lived at least three point one million years ago .
They pre date the lucy specimen herself by about eighty thousand generations and in order to appreciate that you have to say great great great great and say it for about five and one half hours .
The man who discovered lucy is delighted .
It's essentially what our model has predicted that you would find more primitive teeth you find a more ape like character .
Anthropologists have long believed that humans and chimpanzees share a common ancestor going separate evolutionary directions four to six million years ago .
So we're getting very very close to that common ancestor .
But don <unk> says evolution didn't proceed at a steady pace .
So we have to go back another million or a million and a half years before we find others .
We don't know about the tempo or rate of evolutionary change .
Maybe there are two or three or four species .
Anthropologists say each new discovery enhances their knowledge and drives them to look further .
Craig heaps for c. n. n. berkeley california .
Coming up next the latest in technology .
It's a cod player .
Just kidding .
