Some immigrants who've already made it to a new life in america lost all they had when riots broke out in l. a. a few weeks ago .
But many are determined to make dreams come true despite the setbacks as c. n. n.'s greg lamotte reports .
The american dream that's what iranian born mark <unk> was hoping to find when he moved here seventeen years ago with four hundred dollars in his pocket .
He managed to put himself through college and eventually saved enough money to buy a discount store in los angeles .
The dream was i always wanted to have my own business .
I've always wanted to be my own boss .
<unk> thought he had escaped the oppression and violence of iran until he was told he and his family would be killed if they tried to defend their store against <unk> and looters .
The <unk> fled and when they returned they found their dream had been burned to the ground .
The day that we went to the store my father was going like this to his head still from the old country and said everything we worked for everything we did is gone .
We went through this in iran and we lost everything and we came here we tried to stand on our feet and we lost everything here again .
Bang kim came to the states from south korea in nineteen sixty seven .
She and her husband <unk> and saved until they were able to buy a grocery store .
In a matter of moments a half million dollars worth of merchandise had been stolen .
There was a lot of sacrifice and heartache to build up to where we are now .
So it's just something really hard to take .
Korean owned businesses suffered the most damage among all the immigrants more than two hundred million dollars .
But kim says she won't quit until as she put it she retires from the earth .
Leonardo madonna feels the same way .
His piece of the american pie was in the form of a restaurant he opened after fleeing the death squads of el salvador in the early nineteen eighties .
His business is now in ashes but his spirit remains intact .
My business means money to me .
Now i don't have it any more .
But we are hard working people so we'll start all over again .
People are beginning to rebuild some determined more than ever to as they say make it in america .
It's that kind of immigrant determination and spirit that built this nation in the first place .
