Welcome to larry king live .
Tonight the packwood affair more improper advances hit the headlines but the official probe has just begun .
Is the senator getting a premature trial .
Plus the rise of the <unk> jury packwood zoe baird new taxes millions deliver instant verdicts washington listens but would it please the founding fathers .
Now here's mary tillotson sitting in for larry king .
Good evening .
The political weather report for washington and vicinity hot harsh with occasional <unk> .
It now takes just hours to permanently burn a political appointee .
Some never even come out in public for fear of the consequences .
We saw that just this week with judge kimba wood .
So when verdicts on character form so fast and so mercilessly what happens to senator bob packwood .
Weekend news reports said thirteen more women now charge he kissed them <unk> them or otherwise made unwelcome passes over the last twenty four years .
That makes twenty three accusers in all many of them anonymous .
There have been a lot of calls for him to resign .
Packwood himself has lain low .
He and his staff declined invitations to be here with us tonight .
Then again the senate ethics panel is only just beginning its investigation .
We'll look this evening at what's happening to senator packwood .
We'll hear from a defender and a critic .
But first jean mcmahon one of the senator's accusers .
She's joining us now from philadelphia .
Ms. mcmahon thank you very much for being with us .
Your unpleasant <unk> with senator packwood was in the late nineteen seventies .
Can you tell us what happened .
Well i was applying for a job .
I wanted to move to portland .
I was living in salem at the time .
And i called the senator's office because i had heard through the grapevine that he was trying to increase his staff .
And after a few days the senator himself called back and said that he'd like to meet me and to get some writing samples and that he'd like to give me some information and ask me to do a draft of a speech .
So i arranged with him to meet and it turned out to be .
How old were you then .
How old were you .
About thirty .
All right .
And we met in a motel at the edge of salem .
And at that point i was feeling a little awkward but nothing happened .
I got the information that i needed and then over the next few weeks i talked with him several times .
And then we arranged to meet on the coast in oregon at the <unk> conference which is a republican conference .
As it turned out that again was in a motel room and i was the only other person there and within a few minutes .
Did he suggest your coming to the hotel room .
Yes .
This was his idea .
All right .
Yes .
And we never got into a discussion of any of the materials i had written or brought with me .
He very within a few minutes started chasing me around the table and grabbed me and kissed me .
And then i just got out as fast as i could .
The senator as i'm sure you know has suggested that the mistakes which he himself described at one point as being inappropriate were when he'd had too much to drink .
Had he been drinking that night .
No not that i remember .
And had you done anything to lead him to believe you wanted him to chase you around the table and kiss you .
I don't think so .
Not as you would define it .
There have been people who support him who would say that all of the women or many of them who have come forward now and made these charges are doing it with some political motivation .
How about you .
I had literally forgotten about the incident until the washington post reporter called in october .
My life was fine before all this started .
I had no reason to go after him .
How did the post reporter know .
Did you tell people friends about it at the time .
You must have told somebody if the post got hold of it .
Yes .
Well i came home in shock and i told my now husband and i told oh as it turned out at least ten other people .
And it was one of those things where we talked about it for a while and then we just all kind of forgot about it .
And then i moved away so it just slipped out of my mind .
So when the post reporter called and said did something like this ever happen to you and it came back i said yes and then i told him the story and then he said we may come back to you and ask for corroboration .
And at that point i called up the people that i remembered being close to at that point and said do you remember this and all of them remembered in vivid detail which surprised me since it was so long ago .
Are you going to testify before the ethics committee if they call you or have you already talked to them .
On january nineteenth i met with two staff attorneys and a private investigator on the ethics committee staff and gave them my story again and i'm supposed to get a copy of the testimony to go through and then send back to them signed .
And at this point i haven't gotten that testimony yet .
We may have to come back .
I don't know .
You say you'd forgotten about it yourself for years .
It must then not have been a horribly <unk> event .
No i mean it didn't scar me obviously .
It was just i've never had that happen before when i thought i was going into a job interview .
I've never had that kind of experience before or again .
Is it the sort of experience he should lose his job over .
If it were just me i'd say no .
But when you have such a pattern of inappropriate treatment toward women to me it really says something about how he views half the population in his state certainly .
Since the senate ethics committee decided they would employ the rape shield law in effect telling senator packwood he cannot bring up the sexual history of the women who've accused him it's something he had earlier suggested he might do in his own defense several more women have come forward .
Do you believe that there are still more women than the twenty three whom we've heard from women who are afraid to come forward for whatever notoriety it might bring to them or discomfort .
I personally don't know of any .
Beyond that it would just be conjecture .
I'm in philadelphia so i'm so far away i'm not likely to run into women who have stories .
You know some guys just are sort of sexual <unk> and their antenna doesn't work very well figuring out who's receptive and who's not .
Is that something that the government either should or will be writing rules about as they hear this case .
Well if it has an impact on a job situation yes i think it is appropriate for there to be rules .
And this again is where you see the pattern unfold .
Yes .
Yes .
What people do in their private lives is another thing but when it has an effect on relationships in the workplace yes i think it is appropriate to make rules about it .
You're in philadelphia which is not the same city as washington .
It is widely thought here that power is a great aphrodisiac .
And capitol hill is full of very pretty young women some of whom are receptive to senators and others in power who approach them sexually .
Do women help confuse the signals that men get .
Yes it's true .
And i'm sure some women have become very powerful by the relationships that they've formed .
I think it's too bad .
That it is .
I thank you jean mcmahon .
When we return a lobbyist on women's issues who says packwood should resign and an oregon activist who says the senator is not getting a fair hearing .
Don't go away .
In the senate ethics committee we'll have a full hearing there .
The ethics committee may be closed .
A lot of oregonians may not be able to hear your explanations .
Don't you deserve the people in this state an explanation .
Well that i'm going to respond fully and fairly to the senate ethics committee and i think i mean these are charges of violating the senate ethics rules and that's where the hearing ought to be .
Welcome back to larry king live .
Jane <unk> is executive director of the women's campaign fund a major political action committee that has been heavily critical of senator packwood and wants him to resign .
And in the senator's home state of oregon we are joined by jeanette slepian a former aide to senator packwood who now heads oregonians for a fair hearing .
Thanks to the both of you for being with us this evening .
We'll start with jeanette out in oregon .
Why do you think he's not getting a fair hearing .
Regrettably this is often the way it is if you're a public figure someone makes charges they are widely reported .
Well i think mary in your comments in your interview with jean you indicated that we have heard from twenty three individuals making allegations against the senator .
And we really haven't heard from twenty three individuals .
Of the twenty three allegations against senator packwood thirteen are from anonymous individuals .
Of the ten who have identified themselves two have said at this point they do not plan to testify and that leaves eight individuals who at this point we believe may be willing to testify under oath and have relevant cross examination as to the way they remember the story .
It is very difficult and i would venture to guess that there are very few americans who would tolerate being accused by anonymous individuals accusations many of which were solicited by an eight hundred number which was set up for the sole purpose to solicit allegations anonymous allegations designed to take your job away .
Anonymous to the public or anonymous to the senate ethics committee .
Or both .
Well at this point they appear to be anonymous to both .
It's very difficult to expect anyone to fight defamatory statements which are reported by some areas of the media as the gospel truth when you don't know who your accusers are .
It's a fundamental <unk> of our whole judicial system in this country that everyone has a right to confront your accusers .
And when those individuals when the majority of those accusers individuals making allegations against the senator remain anonymous it is very very difficult to do that .
I think that the best way to characterize the stage we are at now is sexual misconduct allegations are to the nineteen nineties what <unk> with the communist party was in the early nineteen fifties .
And in this regard mary in the nineteen fifties people were accused oftentimes <unk> accused of associations that were one or two decades old .
Let's get jane <unk> in here .
Why do you think some of those women are anonymous .
Well sexual harassment even in the post hill slash thomas era is an issue that's been very .
Clarence thomas you mean .
Yes that's right a very very difficult issue to bring forward and discuss .
And one of the reasons frankly why i and so many of the people in oregon supported packwood's resignation is frankly for a due process reason .
You know we talk a lot about the due process of the senator but i think it's also important to talk about the due process of the women and also the due process in the rights of the voters of oregon .
And frankly they are without a senator .
Senator packwood while once a very good and effective senator a good friend of the women's community is no longer effective .
He cannot return to his home state with .
Do you think he stole the election .
He knew the post was looking into this before the election and misled oregon reporters about this .
Absolutely you can stole the election lied to the electorate .
There isn't any question that prior to his .
Jane i'd like to jump in here .
Let me just .
I'd like to jump in here .
We'll let you in in just a moment jeanette .
O. k. .
The washington post in november printed a story that three weeks prior to the election this senator deliberately tried to cover up the allegations of sexual harassment .
He lied to the oregonian regarding the investigation by the washington post .
And frankly the only justice and the only really just way that this can be <unk> is for him to resign and for the voters to have a fair opportunity to select their senator based on all of the facts .
Take it jeanette .
I know you do not think he stole the election .
Yes i think that we have reached a very sad state in our country when on the basis of allegations only we would demand that a person's job be taken away that either they resign the job or it be forcefully taken away on the basis of allegations only that have not been <unk> to in a forum where someone can testify under oath and be subject to cross examination .
It is shocking to me .
In this state we have a member of a former of the supreme court a former member of the supreme court who above all else should be protecting the fundamental rights of all citizens to a full hearing under oath .
And for that individual or jane or anyone to say because this is a politically correct issue of sexual harassment and by the way if you'll notice that everyone now has backed away that no allegations against the senator rise to the legal test of what sexual harassment is they are now being characterized as sexual misconduct not sexual harassment but on the basis of those allegations only that we're going to take his job away .
And that is a sad state in our history and really <unk> back to the fifties and the mccarthy days when families jobs and careers were destroyed on the basis of allegations only .
Jeanette as you know the senate ethics committee now will also be looking into whether or not the senator inappropriately used some of his government paid staff in any effort to intimidate witnesses in effect scare them away from the ethics committee hearing .
Do you think that might have something to do with why some of the women who are accusers are anonymous .
No and i have no comment and no knowledge in terms of staff or campaign staff .
It's my understanding that the number of individuals that were involved in gathering on twenty four hour notice jane not three weeks notice .
The senator was presented with allegations by the washington post on october twenty ninth allegations by seven individuals .
And he had never seen those allegations prior to october twenty ninth .
He was given twenty four hours to respond .
And he is .
And it's my understanding that many members who worked diligently were campaign staff members at that time .
And i must comment here that it is an absolute <unk> for anyone to say that the senator in his comments back to the washington post smeared those individuals .
The senator has not released those comments neither has the washington post .
The only thing that has been said .
Well the washington post jeanette has said that someone from senator packwood's office faxed them information about some of these women's sexual histories involving presumably persons other than packwood .
The characterization according to the washington post story said that some of the information that was presented to the washington post contained information that may be potentially embarrassing to the individuals .
However embarrassing information does not mean that an individual is smeared .
And since when in this context the senator is basically in the role of a defendant and what we are saying here is that the defendant has absolutely no right to try to defend himself in any context because we're dealing with this sexually this politically correct issue of sexual misconduct .
Those statements have not been released either by the post or by the senator .
And for julie williamson or anyone to characterize them as lying or smearing it has got to be smoke because we simply haven't seen them and it's my understanding the senator has no intention of responding .
We're quickly going to let jane in here .
Go ahead jane .
I think we're losing sight really of the larger issue .
We have a senator here who at one time served us well .
He is now literally unable to function .
He is unable to serve his constituents .
He's unable to be an effective leader on the very issues for which he's been elected .
He is a united states senator .
We are not talking about an ordinary citizen .
He has been charged with alleged sexual harassment by twenty three women .
Many of them signed .
Sexual misconduct jane not sexual harassment .
Many of them signed affidavits .
They have been brave enough to come forward .
We saw one woman very gracious woman come forward and talk with us tonight .
The voters of oregon the bottom line is they do not have a united states senator .
They are being disenfranchised .
We're going to take a break but we've got lots more to talk about .
We'll be right back .
This is larry king live in washington .
Senator packwood was really a leader on women's rights issues and now we know that this really <unk> a pattern of sexual predatory behavior over the course of time that he served as our representative in the u. s. senate .
We have always maintained that this is not simply an issue of sexual abuse or sexual harassment but abuse of power .
Welcome back as we continue talking about the trials of senator bob packwood .
And a question to jane jeanette was saying that you are hot on this issue because it is politically correct to talk about sexual improprieties .
But isn't the truth that many organized women's groups in washington did not <unk> him very hard because he was politically correct on such issues as abortion .
He's a defender of abortion rights .
If this had been clarence thomas or alan simpson or arlen specter accused of this you folks would have been on him like a duck on a <unk> wouldn't you .
Seriously .
Well i think this is clearly one case where the washington women's community was behind the curve and we really didn't .
And behind the voters of oregon .
Absolutely .
We didn't really see the gravity of the situation and didn't really realize how strongly the oregon voters felt about their own senator being charged with such serious allegations .
But the bottom line is that it was the local <unk> for example not the national <unk> that called for his resignation the local now not the national now .
But we were finally you know realized that the voters of oregon have the right to decide who is their senator not we in washington .
We've got a call from albuquerque new mexico .
Mary .
Mary .
Well let's take the call first jeanette .
I'm sure there's time for you to leap back in .
O. k. .
Go ahead albuquerque .
O. k. yes my question is do you think that it's fair that congress passed the <unk> laws and then exempted themselves from it .
Jeanette do you want to take that one and then segue from there into whatever else you wanted to say .
I think it's absolutely correct that e. e. o. c. laws and all other laws that apply to private sector employees should apply to the government employers .
And as a matter of fact senator packwood was the first staff on the senate to have codes of conduct officially created for his office to <unk> and prescribe what behavior was appropriate .
I would also though like to respond to the issue of senator packwood's leadership .
Quickly please so we can get another call in .
Senator packwood's leadership in the women's area .
I think that there is no other individual on capitol hill democrat or republican who has been a greater leader for women's issues .
The fact of the matter is that bob packwood has led the fight for women's issues .
And if we accept what the washington post said and jane seems to want to accept everything that the washington post has said in its totality that it is totally credible then the other part that the washington post said that there were rumors about bob packwood in washington for years i don't accept a lot of what the washington post said but jane apparently wants to accept it so let's accept it in its totality .
Jane women's groups then used bob packwood .
You needed him .
You used him .
And the reason you don't need him now is that there's been a change of leadership in the white house and the congress .
Bob packwood did not betray the women's movement .
The women's movement betrayed bob packwood .
Jeanette do you think that the packwood case may increase pressure on congress to bring itself under e. e. o. c. laws .
Oh absolutely .
And it's my understanding i think that they will pass similar guidelines for them and that they should be governed by the same guidelines that all of us in the private sector have to live by .
Let's take this call .
Seattle washington go ahead .
Doesn't a woman compromise herself by taking a job interview in a hotel room .
I'd like to respond to that .
I don't think she had the job interview in the hotel room did she .
I think she had prepared some paperwork for the senator or a brief of some sort and that the suggestion was she bring it by there and they go over it .
I think your question is well taken however that perhaps she could have suggested a restaurant .
But people make mistakes and perhaps she thought she knew him better .
At least jean mcmahon is making her allegations in the appropriate way .
She's not making them <unk> .
She has testified to them in a legal deposition and it's my understanding is prepared to testify before senate ethics .
That is the fundamental judicial process in our country .
And for anyone to want to abrogate it is wrong .
Jean <unk> story however does raise two critical issues of fact that will be subject or should be subject .
Quickly please jeanette .
To cross examination .
Number one she has said that twice she went to his hotel room and in her story she said the second time she was surprised that he was alone .
The second critical issue that she did not mention tonight but did tell the washington post is that she was not so traumatized by this incident that she did not call his office two or three days later to ask if she got the job .
This was not a traumatized individual as she now apparently appears looking back twenty years after the incident to portray it .
Let's take another call .
<unk> missouri go ahead .
Yes i have a question as to the anonymity of these accusers of senator packwood .
If you wish to abide by the law this man has every right to use anything relevant to his defense to prove his case .
If it's embarrassing to them what do they think it's doing to him .
We fought for the right to vote .
As women should we not stand up for his right to defend his civil liberties against anybody anybody who accuses him of anything .
Jane .
Again i think that we're talking about and i agree we need to be talking about rights and justices but i think we need to also consider the rights of the voters of oregon .
And i keep going back to my initial point and that is that the voters of oregon do not have a representative .
They do not have a senator .
They do not have a senator that can meet his constituents .
They do not have a senator that can be an effective fighter for legislation .
We're talking about someone who is a united states senator someone who should be held to the highest standard that we can hold any individual someone who should represent all of us in the optimum way .
And clearly senator packwood's behavior his attempt to discredit these women has not been <unk> with those kinds of standards .
Jane senator packwood was the <unk> elected senator from this state and he represents us quite <unk> .
He is now conducting his second swing through this state .
And he .
No let her have her say now .
And is talking about the important issues that matter to this state .
I think what's important to look at here is that the genesis of this story started in the heat of a political campaign .
The oregonian did know about this story published a column about this story in march of nineteen ninety two .
The story tells that .
Last word i'm afraid is yours jeanette .
We're all out of time .
O. k. .
But thanks very much to our two guests jane <unk> of the women's campaign fund .
Thank you .
Jeanette slepian of oregonians for a fair hearing who has joined us tonight from portland .
I'm mary tillotson .
Larry king live will be back in just a minute .
