Now to law and order .
Since nineteen sixty eight it's been an issue dominated by the republicans .
But this year with the economy slumping and crime touching the lives of more and more americans the law and order issue is up for grabs .
In los angeles c. n. n.'s dan blackburn .
In parts of america violent crime has become an aspect of daily life and voters both urban and suburban want the presidential candidates to pay more attention .
Stop cutting taxes and do something about all this crime we have out here .
It should be something that's a high priority but it doesn't seem like they've addressed it yet .
In recent days president bush has begun hammering away at the issue .
Last year under bill clinton the average arkansas criminal served just one fifth of his sentence and then it's back on the streets .
Apparently in arkansas you do crime but not the time .
Bill clinton also hammers at the issue .
Four years ago this crime issue was used to divide americans .
I want to use it to unite americans .
I want to be tough on crime and good for civil rights .
You can't have civil justice without order and safety .
Clinton was referring in part to this nineteen eighty eight republican campaign commercial the so called willie horton commercial used to link democrat michael dukakis to being soft on crime .
It's an issue republicans have run on successfully since the sixties when urban rioting appeared to put democrats off balance over law and order .
The democrats gave the crime issue to the republicans .
They very wisely took it and ran with it and they associated it with race which was a win win all the way through these two decades .
This year however pollsters say crime can't compete politically with the economy .
Where it comes into play is if clinton starts to tumble in a general way then people rationalize why they're voting against him .
And at that point crime and all the little issues they're bringing up now come into the decision making process .
However since george bush took office the murder rate has increased by thirteen percent .
Robbery is up seventeen percent and rape up eleven percent .
And police officers talk escalating violence .
This deputy describes what happened when is brother recently tried to make a traffic stop .
And the gang members didn't stop and a passenger hung out the window with an a. k. forty seven and shot up his car .
He's very lucky to be alive .
The head of the nation's largest sheriff's department says the answer is not tough talk but better federal performance .
We'll do our job locally but unfortunately our difficulties our problems are exacerbated considerably not because the federal government is not helping us do our job they're not doing their job .
Block and others insist what is needed is not tougher laws but better more efficient enforcement of laws already on the books .
And they say the candidates from president on down fail to deal with that reality all together .
