And now to another bit of fascinating technology .
Builders generally give homeowners a final walk through before they buy a new home .
But thanks to a computer system the walk through can now take place before the home is even built .
Sounds pretty other worldly but as c. n. n.'s miles o'brien reports it's part of the amazing world of virtual reality .
Stefan <unk> is trying a new kitchen on for size virtually .
Stefan has entered the computer generated world of virtual reality .
With the head mount on he is electronically immersed in life size plans for the kitchen in three dimensions .
He can sense the distance between appliances and see the height of counters .
It's called an architectural walk through .
The head mounted display contains two small television monitors .
It keeps track of his location and orientation using infrared cameras pointed toward <unk> in the ceiling .
It's just one of a number of ways scientists are trying to take computer generated worlds beyond video games and hollywood special effects .
Oh i loved it .
I've been excited about this stuff since i found out about it .
We believe that people are much better equipped to understand complex three dimensional structures when they appear as they do in the ordinary world rather than when they're in these strange boxes that we're accustomed to .
Researchers here are trying to take ultrasound readings out of the box and into a headset allowing doctors and <unk> parents to better understand where the fetus is positioned .
They say it is an early step toward the operating room of the future .
You'd be able to see internal structure in the patient by wearing a system like this where the data in the patient would appear to be inside the patient .
They are also working on a mechanical arm scientists may one day use to change molecular structures by remote control in the virtual world .
With the computer we can calculate the forces on this drug molecule and we can feel them .
When i close the trigger you notice the thing jumped and so we can feel the forces on the drug .
Even if the virtual world as it is envisioned doesn't come to pass researchers here are convinced their years of research will have many other applications in the real world .
As is virtual obstacles are vivid enough to stop you in your tracks .
