Welcome back .
There are only about three hundred kids who go to hempstead high school in texas only about fifteen girls on the cheerleading squad for the <unk> hempstead <unk> football team .
But four of those fifteen cheerleaders got pregnant and got kicked off the cheerleading squad .
One of the pregnant girls had an abortion she's now permitted to cheer again .
No one in hempstead texas claims these are four immaculate <unk> but no boys have been named or penalized for <unk> the girls .
To cynthia what do you make of this cautionary tale .
What's the caution here .
Well the caution is that teenagers are sexually active at younger and younger ages all over the country .
I hope we don't draw a lesson from this that there is something bad in the water in hempstead or that hempstead parents are particularly bad or that kids in hempstead are particularly bad .
Hempstead is a microcosm of the nation .
And when it happens in a town as small as hempstead it ought to speak to parents and teachers all over the country that we've got to come out of our denial about sexual activity among teens .
Many teens are now sexually active and we've got to teach them .
We have to teach them both abstinence and using contraceptives .
I don't think this is an either slash or proposition .
We've got to teach them both .
But it may be contradictory as a proposition .
Well i don't think it is at all .
I don't think it's contradictory .
Well i think that's what our moral dilemma is .
I think all the cultural messages coming to the children is that everything is o. k. .
What we have to really worry about are the children that are coming into the world to young girls babies having babies as jesse jackson puts it .
We've got to say that's wrong .
It's wrong to have sexual intercourse with a boy who will not take responsibility who will not be a father .
It's wrong to be a premature mother .
I think that we've got to change the messages talk about what's right and wrong .
To be a cheerleader is an honor .
You should be exemplary not only by the ability to <unk> and being popular but also .
But suzanne .
Character and good conduct .
Isn't it so hard to know where to draw the line .
You know we can remember when girls got kicked out of school if they got pregnant .
The boy never did .
And so now we have society thinking that was punitive toward one of the two people involved .
And hard to decide how to be sympathetic and discourage this .
We've got to put the bench the boys too .
One of the rumors is that one of the fathers is a football player .
If that were stated by one of the girls then bench the football player .
Let's bring honor character responsible conduct back to young people in roles of leadership .
Yeah it's easy to talk about all of those you know high minded words .
And yet it's very hard to demonstrate to a lot of teenagers today that there is value in not having a pregnancy that early in life .
But eleanor why today and not twenty years ago .
Many of these young girls believe that if you have a baby it's some sort of a trophy .
I mean the culture has changed among young people .
And they don't really understand how their lives will be <unk> .
I don't mind that they're not allowed to be cheerleaders .
I don't think necessarily that the school should be celebrating the pregnancy .
But i commend the school for keeping the girls there .
And as for the young woman who had the abortion she's allowed to <unk> .
But i understand she's afraid she's going to get .
Booed .
Booed by some parent who feel that this sends the wrong message that you should go on and have a baby .
And so i think the message is reality .
If you go ahead and have an abortion you can continue with your life .
And we need to face reality more in dealing with teenagers .
Why do we throw up our hands and say we can't do anything .
I didn't throw up my hands .
Well suzanne we haven't tried to do anything .
I mean we have to be a lot more realistic about the messages teenagers are getting from popular culture .
It's very well to say teenagers shouldn't have sex but the messages they're constantly getting from popular culture suggest that chastity is not cool that sex is o. k. .
And it's also true that we're still sending those messages especially to teenage boys .
<unk> in teenage boys is still considered an asset .
We glorify that .
So how can you possibly expect teenagers to just say no that's a perfectly unrealistic attitude .
Well wait a minute it wasn't unrealistic twenty or thirty years ago because the .
There wasn't as much sex in the popular culture twenty or thirty years ago .
And a lot of people didn't say no then either .
They did go on .
There were a lot of shotgun marriages .
That's a phrase that you don't hear much today .
But you know you didn't have sixty five percent of illegitimacy in the black community .
You didn't have increasing numbers of illegitimacy in the white community the hispanic community .
What we are doing is bringing children into the world with emotional and financial deficits .
We should change the cultural message .
Suzanne right we don't agree with that .
Exactly .
We're just saying that .
You need to have a clinic on the school grounds that talks about as cynthia put it both abstinence and .
But we all know all of us know sex sells and that's why t. v. does that and that's why movies do that .
How do you change that suzanne .
Well you can certainly have the authorities at high schools saying that if you are going to get pregnant and you are going to <unk> a young teenager you are not going to be on the football squad you are not going to be on the honor society you are not going to be on the cheerleading squad .
At one time we had great faith in our moral authorities of adults .
Now we give condoms out in the schools and the young boys say to the girls look the school is behind this .
What's the matter with doing it .
That's not the message of giving out condoms in schools .
Well i think it is .
The message is to protect .
I think it is the message .
Yourself from the life consequences of a night of sex if you're going to do it as many teenagers do .
And that's the reality that we have to deal with .
Eleanor teenagers .
That's like trying to banish television is <unk> sex among teenagers .
You can't do it .
Teenagers who cannot remember to put on their <unk> to turn in their homework are not going to use these condoms that are thrown at them in the schools .
We have to set firm standards .
There are absolutes of right and wrong and there is good and bad character .
Let's help the young people face up to that message .
I'd say let's get away from the character issue initially and let's worry about the health problems and the life consequences .
And i think condoms is at least a place to start .
Then i would i would talk about sex education in schools .
I still think it's a hidden subject .
Not among the teens but among the elders who would still prefer that it was nineteen fifty two and everything was in the back seat of a car .
They're educated .
Suzanne i don't have any problem with putting the cheerleaders off the squad either .
But that is not going to stop the many young girls at many young girls at that school even from being sexually active .
That's just not enough .
We've got to face up to where we are in nineteen ninety three in america .
Many teenagers are going to be sexually active .
Now it's true that more programs about abstinence i think can discourage more sexual activity .
But it's not going to discourage all of that .
We are not doing these kids any favors by suggesting that we can just say no and the problem will go away .
We would be doing them a favor .
We're going to take a break on that point .
I'm sorry we're out of time for this segment .
But when we come back the mattel toy company's ken .
<unk> boyfriend just a nineties kind of guy or an out of the closet gay .
