Here now to discuss the shootdown and other issues involving bosnia we're joined by zbigniew brzezinski the national security adviser to former president jimmy carter .
Doctor brzezinski is now a counselor to the center for strategic and international studies .
Doctor brzezinski thanks for joining us .
Nice to be with you .
Two historic firsts today one is the first offensive action ever by the nato alliance and secondly the first offensive action in bosnia .
Two contexts two firsts .
Your thoughts .
I think they are both desirable .
They were needed .
After all nato's credibility is at stake .
Nato issued an ultimatum .
The serbs were being forced to obey it but at the last minute the russians stepped in and gave the fig leaf thereby <unk> the impact of the nato ultimatum .
This action while <unk> in human terms <unk> the credibility of nato .
It demonstrates to the serbs that nato means business and that's very important .
It <unk> the credibility are you speaking now within bosnia or because this is the first offensive action that nato has taken it <unk> credibility or establishes credibility in an even broader context .
No i wouldn't go quite as far as that .
But i think it <unk> its credibility in the bosnian context and that is important .
It is also i think significant that nato is willing to do this in spite of the fact that russia has been attempting to deflect nato from its tough and determined course .
I want to come back to some more on russia in just a moment .
But involving today's action vice president gore here in the united states and haris <unk> the bosnian prime minister both said essentially that this can enhance peace prospects .
Do you agree with that .
In the long run yes .
I think in short run there will be some serb reactions probably some intensified shelling some attempt to assert serbian determination .
Retaliation against u. n. or other forces .
They may be careful about that because they don't want to precipitate a tougher nato involvement a tougher nato response .
But some <unk> of their military activities is i think likely given their state of mind .
How about the play in belgrade from mr. milosevic the president there .
He's very shrewd and i think he knows that it's not in his interest that the nato involvement be escalated .
Now to russia a very curious thing in regard to today's shooting incident from a yeltsin adviser some very strong harsh critical comments and he says and i quote they presumably meaning the west should get used to getting mixed signals from moscow .
Speaking of mixed signals at the exact same time essentially the foreign ministry under andrei kozyrev is essentially saying well there were violations and nato enforced the no fly zone .
Well mixed signals are now a norm in so far as moscow's concerned because the situation in moscow is very mixed up .
We're dealing with a government which is really not in charge either of its domestic policy nor of its foreign policy .
We're dealing with a government which i personally think is on the brink of some collapse or explosion .
They are in that government with its troops are in bosnia .
Yes on a limited scale .
But the real problem is not what russia's doing in bosnia but that is <unk> of the increasing assertiveness of russia in east central europe .
The real dilemma is what is happening is russia and how we respond to that .
You have an extensive article that appears in this quarter's foreign affairs review in which and it's a copy here in which you <unk> it the premature partnership .
You speak that it is built around idealistic <unk> the partnership between the west and russia .
What do you mean .
Yes it's built around an optimism which is very idealistic and therefore appealing but which in my judgment is not founded on reality .
It <unk> what has been happening in russia and has the notion at this stage the existing government of russia is in the position to pursue an effective policy partnership with the united states .
Is russia going back to the old soviet ways in some fashion .
No i fear russia is on the brink of a very major internal crisis and one which is going to precipitate real problems in our foreign policy dealings with russia .
And this is why in this article one advocate a more comprehensive strategy a western strategy which addresses the realities of the russian condition and pursues a policy which i call a geopolitical pluralism of creating stable conditions on the <unk> of russia .
Meaning in ukraine .
In ukraine kazakhstan uzbekistan and also in central europe as a means of consolidating over time the very fluid and dangerous situation in russia .
O. k. zbigniew brzezinski thanks very much .
Look forward to talking to you some more about this .
