The media and minorities maybe it's time to take the messenger to task .
Live from c. n. n. new york .
Intelligent talk for intelligent people with doctor sonya friedman .
Hello again .
I'm deborah marchini filling in for doctor sonya friedman .
The widespread media coverage of o. j. simpson's trial may have more to do with his celebre than his race .
But that hasn't stopped many from using this case as a springboard for discussions concerning <unk> distrust of the news media .
The darkened photo illustration of simpson on the cover of time magazine and early footage of him in handcuffs infuriated many minorities .
They believe the case would have been covered differently if simpson were a white suspect and have only served to perpetuate racial stereotypes .
My first guest is robert <unk> .
He's a professor of communications at north carolina state university .
He has spent half a dozen years studying the portrayal of african americans on network news .
We've seen polls professor showing that african americans have a beef with the way they're portrayed on network news .
Is it a valid one .
Yes .
My studies have shown that blacks are systematically stereotyped by local news and network news .
In what way .
Basically when it comes to crime stories which are very heavily covered on the local news blacks are made to appear more violent dangerous even when they are accused in the same type of crimes as white suspects .
For example they are shown twice as much physically restrained by a police officer than whites even when they're accused of similar crimes .
Is network news better or worse than network news .
Well .
In its track record on treatment of minorities .
Network news is different .
So for example there isn't as much coverage of you know your average street crime .
On the other hand i think network news coverage of politics is probably worse .
So you get only the occasional black leader who's usually there because he's committed a crime or done something heinous and it gives a <unk> of black politics .
O. k. .
We are also joined now with from another guest with another guest .
Felix gutierrez with the freedom forum foundation is joining us from atlanta georgia .
He is among other things the co author of the book minorities in the media .
Felix you've just heard what professor <unk> had to say about the way african americans are treated in the media .
Does the same thing apply to hispanic americans and members of other minorities .
I think you can say so .
It's a fair comment to say that when we're covered we're covered as problem people people who are either <unk> by problems in that we may be poor we may come from another culture and we speak another language .
Or people who are causing problems for the larger society .
And that focus gets into coverage of crime and other kinds of issues .
O. k. .
Let me play the devil's advocate here and ask you a question which is to what extent are members of minorities problem people .
Are minorities being covered as participants in crime because they are participants in crimes more often .
I think we're being covered as participants in crimes because that's what we are <unk> or seeing or have some impact on the white society .
We're portrayed as a threat .
We're portrayed as someone who has come in to change things who perhaps is bringing something different .
And for that reason that's where they perceive us .
We are covered through anglo eyes not as we really are .
And until that lens is removed and we are able to portray ourselves in our own light and people are able to appreciate us in our own light we're going to see this kind of coverage .
Professor <unk> in terms of the way and frequency with which african americans are portrayed in the news media in crime situations to what extent is it because of their participation rates in crime .
Well there are two things to say .
Number one it is true that on average statistically young black males are more likely to commit crimes than young white males .
But a lot is left out of that story if you don't give the whole context .
What's left out .
What's left out is first of all middle class blacks are no more likely than middle class whites to commit crimes .
And number two there's the whole context of racism and discrimination lack of opportunity which probably causes that increased crime .
But your point would be that it has nothing to do with skin color .
I don't think certainly it shouldn't have anything inherently with skin color .
If it did then middle class blacks would be out committing all of these crimes and they're not .
O. k. .
I've also seen statistics that show that black african americans are more likely to be victims of crimes than white americans .
Does the media coverage reflect that .
It does show a lot of black victims .
But what i've one of my research projects found that if the story is about a black victim they get about sixty percent of the coverage of white victims .
So there's less attention to black victims it would appear .
O. k. .
Felix gutierrez there's bias here you think isn't there .
I think there is and it's because the people who are at the management level and upper levels of these news organizations are not fully reflective of the communities that they're covering .
As this nation becomes increasingly more people of color these issues are going to become more important .
What you seem .
And we're going to have to find ways to bridge and to build connections between these communities .
What you seem to be saying sir is there are too many white people maybe too many white males running news organizations .
I'm saying .
Is that what you're saying .
I'm saying it but i'll say it in a positive way .
There are not enough people of color who are running news organizations .
Newspapers today are still only ten percent minority whereas we're about twenty five percent of the population .
And television stations are only about eighteen percent again .
So there's a big gap there .
Can i .
And until we bridge that gap .
O. k. .
We're not going to see substantive changes .
Professor <unk> .
I just wanted to add a little i agree that's an important goal .
There's some evidence that no matter who's running these organizations unless you redefine news and look at the responsibilities of news organizations differently it doesn't matter .
I mean there are black producers black anchors out there who are telling the stories that are indistinguishable from what white people would be saying if they were in the same position .
So the problem goes even deeper than just the management .
The problem goes deeper than just the management .
Mr. gutierrez what do you think about that .
I would say it's the other way .
It goes higher than the management that he levels that he mentioned .
Producers are not members of the board of directors .
News directors are not people who are network presidents .
We're talking about the very top level of management and executive leadership for these corporations .
But sir .
We're not talking about line producers .
In my experience at least sir top management has virtually nothing to do with the day to day content of the broadcast .
They don't do anything with the day to day content except hire the people and set the agenda and to target the audience that they want to reach .
And if they target a racially diverse audience i think what we're seeing with the growth of minority focus media in this country including channels directed to people who speak spanish and other languages is that people will pay attention to the media that pays attention to them .
And if the mainstream media don't want to pay attention to us we will go to other alternatives .
All right .
Until they learn this lesson they're going to end up losing audiences and we're going to end get the short end on coverage .
All right .
We need to take a break right here .
When we come back we'll talk more about the mainstream media losing audiences and talk to some minority journalists when sonya live continues .
National t. v. news shows make race relations worse .
Whites forty four percent .
African americans forty two percent .
Hispanics twenty nine percent .
Asians nineteen percent .
Sample error is six percent points .
Is the media <unk> minorities .
Joining me now is the president of the native american journalist association paul <unk> .
He's in atlanta attending the unity ninety four conference which is examining the role and influence of minorities in the media .
He says the media has definitely misrepresented and <unk> his community .
And here with me in new york is television producer ray nunn .
He's worked for a. b. c. and n. b. c. and is now executive producer at the medical news network .
He says that during his time with a major network a major broadcast network he was always battling coverage which he felt promoted stereotypes .
Let me ask you ray first of all what we've seen some polls that indicate that whites and blacks think that network news <unk> race relations almost to the same degree .
Is it a valid point .
I think it is because what happens is we tend to in the media we go for the quick sell story .
And quick sells simplistic solutions tend to either one confirm stereotypes or sometimes quite frankly they pander to peoples' fears .
O. k. .
Do you feel that you as a television producer have done that yourself .
I think that sometimes in stories that i covered early on in my career i wound up covering and producing stories that indeed did have that effect i think .
As i went along in the career and wind wound up having a bit more influence at a. b. c. and c. b. s. and principally at a. b. c. .
I never worked at c. b. s. .
But i think that in those places that i had a bit more influence i was able to try to <unk> the stories in what i felt was a more balanced direction .
Why early in on your career did you produce stories that you felt were not balanced as you would have liked .
Quite frankly .
Lack of experience .
Or pressure from management .
I think it's one a lack of experience .
Two quit with an equal issue is the pressure .
I mean you are inside of a situation .
And as the professor mentioned earlier there is a certain kind of dynamic inside these institutions .
And you must first prove that you can make it within that system .
And it <unk> you to some extent .
And only once you've proven that you can make it in their do will someone then listen to you when you say but i beg to differ .
Until you've established yourself you're really without portfolio .
And really you're someone that they don't listen to .
So for a while you're not in a position to help .
You have to kind of go along .
That's right .
To get along .
That's why the emphasis on bringing more minorities in .
Uh huh .
Especially at the lower levels is it this actually creates a false impression .
Paul <unk> if native americans have a beef with the way the media <unk> them what is it .
Well i think that far too often we're not portrayed at all .
If you look at the poll that was just up on the board a little bit earlier you'll find that it talks about hispanics blacks asian americans but there are no native americans .
And maybe people couldn't find any native american people to poll .
I think unfortunately that we seem to be not only unrepresented but indeed when other people of color are dealing with issues about native americans and cross cultural stories part of our experience is simply through the public school system and colleges which is another institution that needs to be able to change in order to educate people that native people are not only historical but they're present in their future tense .
So we need to demand access in portrayal at all .
It's far too often we're just simply absent from the formula altogether .
Professor <unk> .
Yes .
I speak i see you nodding in agreement .
I was agreeing particularly with the difficulty of finding out what native americans think because of the technology of polling .
It's very expensive and unfortunately because there's a lot of poverty in native american communities they are less likely to have telephones .
And that becomes a difficulty in finding out what they think .
But i think everything else the gentleman said is quite true .
All right .
What about polling whites in terms of what they think of the media coverage of blacks .
Do you think whites think media coverage of blacks is fair or unfair .
What i've seen is that some whites acknowledge that they are stereotyping but many more blacks feel that way perhaps naturally .
O. k. .
Ray do you have an opinion on that .
Well i think it's true .
The blacks and would feel that we're being stereotyped because if we know the situation in which we live .
Actually i've run into a number of whites who make the point that well they think it's an <unk> sometimes the coverage on minorities .
And black hispanic indians whatever they just think well why you're obsessing with it .
And i think that is an indication that we really haven't done the job of explaining to the rest of this society how dramatically the society is changing .
We haven't prepared them for change .
We haven't educated them about the changing demographics of this country .
Felix gutierrez what's the appropriate remedy of biased news .
Should minority journalists cover minority stories .
I think there's always an ability there and an opportunity to make use of language and cultural skills that you may have .
But i don't think that minority people should be confined only to those stories nor do i think that white reporters who have an interest and ability in covering those stories should be able to do that .
If it's a good news story if it's a top story if it's something that's important say something that cuts across the board and affects all of us then all of us should have the chance to cover it .
Is there anybody here who disagrees with that statement .
I it just what mr. gutierrez said reminded me to say that one of the problems with the definition of news is that an isolated instance of crime that happened last night probably doesn't affect many people .
So i would like to ask news organizations to redefine what they mean by news .
Uh huh .
And i think that if you add to that one other point is that in defining news what we really need is a matter of perspective .
You don't want to exclude minorities african americans or hispanics from covering stories about their community .
Nor do you want to exclude whites .
What we're really looking at is that the perspective the spin on the story really begins in the executive suite where the executive producer if you're in a television operation says o. k. .
This is what we want to go after .
And that's where we are saying include us in the perspective making process .
Include us in their management process .
And that's where we're definitely absent .
Paul <unk> as president of the native american journalists association let me ask you .
You say that native americans are basically being left out of the news coverage altogether perhaps with the exception of casino gambling here on the east coast .
What stories are we the mainstream media missing .
Well i think the mainstream media is missing hordes of stories .
We can go just down the line of the typical stories that mainstream media is dealing with and apply them to the native community .
We have leaders .
We have <unk> issues .
We have many things that the can be cast in a way that helps educational educate the public so that some of the crises that people face as native american gambling came about certain treaty rights issues on and off the reservation occurred we would have such a crises to deal with .
What crises .
What issues specifically .
Well there's all kinds of issues .
Definitely right now one of the top issues that people are talking about is mascots and logos and their use in the sports and in the media of these caricatures which are insensitive .
Anything from the atlanta braves .
Including the atlanta braves .
Which is owned by turner broadcasting who .
Many many offenders .
Uh huh .
Last night at one of the forums in which a number of executives were addressed was a question about how what kind of a policy can be adopted in terms of the use of mascots logos and caricatures for business or sports purposes .
Nobody answered the question .
And one answer that came out from arthur <unk> was simply that he was from a town where there was the new york yankees .
And while he's apologized for that i think the absence spoke for itself .
All right .
We need to take a break right here .
When we come back we'd like to hear from you in the audience .
The number is two one two six four three zero zero seven seven .
We're talking about race and the media and whether the media is fair .
Sonya live continues .
Welcome back to sonya live .
We're talking about the media race and fairness .
And we have a caller katherine from wisconsin .
Katherine what's your question or comment .
Yeah .
Well i have a comment .
In ninety three i took the year to do research into local newsrooms across the country and to what extent their interest was in developing women and minorities .
Uh huh .
At management and executives levels .
I found that ninety four percent of the newsrooms across this country were covered by white males .
And i find it very disgusting .
And so i took ninety four to start an approach into the publishers of newspapers and the executives at the television stations to solicit and to recruit for them minorities .
I am a twenty year <unk> in the international business .
Uh huh .
And i found the lack of interest on their part in my working for them and bringing in management with my experience i would have thought that they would have been interested in developing more diversity .
What .
I also found that the interest level in the minority <unk> such as the american association of black journalists and asian journalists was not that strong .
And so i wonder how i as one individual attempting to help in <unk> can do more .
Ray nunn is it tough to crack management in network television at least .
It's exceedingly difficult to crack management .
There are ceilings .
Women that i've colleagues of mine have talked about it .
And inside a. b. c. as well as men especially minority men that i've talked to .
There is a ceiling .
We know it in its sense you sense that it is that if you are an o. k. producer a very good producer indeed that's just fine .
But when you start pressing and saying but i can make decisions and i want to make decisions that becomes inherently difficult .
That somehow raises the iron and the ceiling starts lowering .
And the next thing you know boom .
You've hit it .
And i want to make just one point .
Right now in atlanta there are several thousand minority journalists assembled .
And i'll bet you dollars to donuts that what you will hear from every executive down there is we're down here because we want to find talent .
The reason why we don't have talent in the executive suite is because we they just aren't trained and we can't find any .
That's the biggest lie .
They've been telling it for thirteen years .
And enough already .
We have somebody down there .
It's paul <unk> as a matter of fact .
Paul is that what you're hearing .
Well i think that we're hearing a lot of commitment .
The reason we're down here is to try to <unk> a positive partnership in which we're a full partner in <unk> journalists up and making sure that the opportunity is there bringing people together with resources .
Indeed there's a lot of skepticism about some of this simply because when we walk through the newsrooms like when we walked through the c. n. n. newsroom we see visibly how colorless some of these newsrooms still are .
So we're not seeing the results of the words that are being spoken .
Felix gutierrez what do you know about minorities in the newsroom and their representation there as opposed to in other workplaces .
Well it's still a very segregated profession .
Really .
With only ten percent of newspaper reporters and editors being from people of color .
And for us in terms of them moving up the glass ceiling issue .
The hard part for us isn't doing the job it's getting the job because we just simply are not afforded the opportunities .
This is still a supply and demand situation .
And if there was a demand for people of color at the very top levels they could be found .
All right .
We have a call also from tom in oklahoma whom i believe has a comment or a question on the o. j. simpson case .
Yes i do .
In dealing in listening to the initial <unk> of the o. j. simpson his alleged murder i heard very little if nothing about the perceived racism that's the question that's floating to the media right now until it was mentioned by media personnel covering the story .
And i was wondering this is a question for all of your panelists if this is an issue not created by the defense or the prosecution but created by media's <unk> to the issue for instance especially in this case .
That's a that's a very good and very interesting question .
Professor <unk> let me start with you .
I don't think there is any way to escape the issue of race .
Either we talk about it overtly or we make believe it doesn't exist .
Well has the defense .
But it's there .
Has the defense been drumming up interest in race as an issue .
Sure they have and the process well they they're the you know .
The racist white cop allegedly and so forth .
And i think that's part of high tech defense now .
But our but our caller is correct in a sense that a lot of the talk about race as an issue in this trial started before those allegations were made .
That's why i'm saying it's always there in america .
And either we can bring it out and be honest about it or make believe it doesn't exist .
The question is then and i'll ask you ray is the media making race more of an issue than it is .
No i don't they really aren't .
And i not in the and not in the case of o. j. .
It's a matter of whether or not they're putting it in perspective .
But they aren't making it more of an issue .
We're talking about it over our back yards .
We're talking about it when we're when we're at social functions .
And let's face it americans do that .
What we talk maybe what we're not doing as media is putting it in an effective context where we are allowing this notion to persist that that somehow this is a fallen black role model .
Instead of asking ourselves wait a minute .
Is role model the right is that is that the right place to put anybody who's an entertainer or performer .
Being a most valuable player does not make you a most valuable person .
But we have taken that route .
We have accepted it in this country because it's a shortcut to the notion of proving and demonstrating equality .
All right .
We need to take a break right here .
When sonya live continues we're going to talk a little bit more about race and the media .
We'll look at entertainment and whether its track <unk> any better than the news media's and take more calls .
Sonya live will continue .
National t. v. news shows give too much coverage to crime .
Whites fifty nine percent .
Hispanics fifty one percent .
Asians forty three percent .
African americans thirty five percent .
Sample error is six percent points .
As the time slash c. n. n. polls have showed whites surveyed believe the national media spends too much time covering crime while african americans think there isn't enough crime coverage .
Well joining me now u. s. a. today columnist barbara reynolds .
She says media coverage of minorities is just plain awful .
Barbara good to have you with us .
Glad to be here .
If whites think we're spending too much time covering crime and minority members think we're not spending enough covering crime who's right .
Is this a symptom of bias .
I think they're both right .
It's who your putting the cameras on .
For example most statistics have said that eighty five percent of those who use drugs are indeed white .
So cover the crime scene and take your cameras take your pencils .
Go out into the suburbs .
Let's get to the heart of the problem .
The heart of the problem is that ninety five percent or more of all decisions are made by white males in this industry .
You look at who are the white house correspondents .
You look at who are the talking heads the t. v. pundits .
You have three african american columnists who are female in this country .
I'm one of them .
Certainly there are many african american women who can write and report .
You're looking at a world that is .
But .
That is defined reported and analyzed through the eyes of white males .
Barbara reynolds i have to argue with you here .
I have two gentlemen sitting right here in new york in this studio with me both of whom have said that sometimes the biased coverage comes from black anchors .
Now let me explain why this exists .
There was a report by the national association of black journalists last year that said one third of the blacks are no .
It was two thirds of the blacks in newsrooms are afraid to even raise the issue of race .
That the newsrooms are so hostile to people of color that many of them are afraid to speak out and raise the questions of race because they fear that they will be fired or won't be promoted .
I think i i don't i think <unk> point is significant here .
We don't have a real disagreement with the experience certainly that i have had and in the in the newsroom suggests that both personally when i began you no one was going to listen to me .
And too it took a long time before you i felt confident enough to buck the system myself and say wait a minute .
This is all wrong .
And then you still are trying to look for a sympathetic ear .
And why should you always be trying to find this sympathetic ear .
Why it would be much quite frankly it would be much easier .
We would be i would have been much more productive if that ear and that perception on how to cover a story had existed inside the executive suite .
Right .
And if you push and you raise these issues you get the label of a <unk> and often your career does not take off .
It is not just about what is happening to journalists .
We all care about the media .
For example when you go to the o. j. simpson story you say how did the issue of race get started .
I can tell you how .
On june twenty seventh we had this cover in time magazine of a shaded of a sinister looking magazine cover of o. j. simpson that was doctored to show him or suggest that he was sinister and therefore guilty .
He was doctored actually to make him look darker .
I'd like to poll all of my guests .
Well no not darker but .
Not darker .
Number .
No it wasn't just his face it was how the whole cover i have it right here .
It wasn't just his face because dark in itself is does not say you're guilty .
But it was the theme the shades of the whole thing that was doctored .
Are you .
It was .
Are .
It was designed to make him look more menacing .
Yes .
Exactly .
And .
You don't think it was designed to make him look more black .
No .
That's not the same thing .
Number .
Not .
Number .
It's not the same thing .
It was for dramatic it was for dramatic effect .
And the very notion that somehow the editors didn't know it .
Uh huh .
I that this would be offensive .
I find that hard to believe .
Ray you've you sound almost like you're defending them though .
Number .
I am not defending them .
I i mean it was done we know what this business is about .
A large part of it is we want people to buy the magazines and the newspapers .
And we want people to watch the shows .
But at the same time if you allow those forces to influence key decisions about significant stories we're not talking about the lion king here .
We're talking also not only an individual's right but we're talking also about the broader issue of race in america .
And that's when you have to throw out this notion that somehow i've got to sell papers magazines and stories .
Right .
And say let's be straight up about it .
Exactly .
It's not just with the o. j. simpson case .
You can look at the june thirteenth issue of newsweek because you don't want to just let it appear that time did something wrong and others don't .
O. k. .
What'd newsweek do .
When you look at this newsweek you see three people on the cover under the caption virtue penny <unk> william bennett and hillary clinton .
Now the issue is <unk> those who care about declining morals .
Well they're all white .
It gives the impression that something angelic something pious is about white people .
Those who caused the moral decline would be blacks .
But .
So would you have a cover of evil and have it under black faces the <unk> .
Well that's a very good question .
But you raise another good question and a serious one barbara .
And that is what kinds of role models are we portraying here for minority members .
Let me put that question to felix gutierrez .
Well the kind of role models we're playing is where we've seen the opportunity .
That's why o. j. simpson's such a hero .
We've had opportunities in sports .
We've had opportunities in music .
We've had opportunities where talent is the real basis for how far you go .
What is the news coverage .
And we've been excluded from other kinds of professions and news coverage is the cause of that .
But i don't think .
So you think the news coverage is merely reflecting that .
And you don't think the news coverage is biased and that it only covers minority athletes or minority entertainers .
No i think it is biased in the sense that it does not cover us in our full range .
We have doctors we have lawyers we have economists .
We have people who have opportunities to show their expertise in a wide range of areas but the media don't go to that .
They still focus on problem people and they focus us in news stories in our full glory as mexican independence day or pow wows or chinese new years .
But .
Right .
Aside from that and aside from a few celebrities you don't see us in the media .
I'm reminded .
And that's intentional .
I'm reminded of something that goes to what mr. gutierrez is saying .
When we did a documentary at a. b. c. called black and white america one segment had to do with african americans who were in who were middle class and in professions .
One prominent critic for a newspaper wrote what was the point .
Why have them in there .
And i tried to explain you don't really get it do you .
That this is a chance to show the full range of who we are .
It is important for people to see that it's not just athletes .
It's not just performers .
But the fact that an opinion make a critic misses the boat on it tells you i can't if he misses the boat i have no hope that the average joe sitting on the walking down the street in atlanta is going to get it .
Let's as professor robert <unk> .
Yes .
But what .
Who says six .
I have to weigh in here on this issue .
All right .
I'll give you a second .
Of the heroes .
Go ahead .
Yes .
Because so many people think that an athlete is a hero which rules out women .
You know what about us .
If we can't play football .
There are female athletes .
Well we can't play football we're not heroes .
This is a way that the media <unk> defines heroes for people of color .
And i would say that just you're an athlete or have on a uniform that does not make you a hero nor a role model .
I want to ask robert <unk> since you've spent nearly six years studying the say african americans are portrayed in network news .
Do we see any african american doctors lawyers or other professionals .
Or all is all we see entertainers and athletes .
We see relatively few of those professionals in stories that aren't about some kind of black issue like crime or poverty .
Right .
And is that accurate or is it biased .
I think the impression it leaves is biased as we've been saying .
Because it's in the context of most of those blacks you see being sports figures and criminals .
All right .
We need to take a break right here .
I'm afraid we're out of time .
We'll come back in just a minute and take more of your phone calls on sonya live .
Welcome back to sonya live where we're discussing minorities and the media .
We have a call from lisa in washington state .
Lisa what's your question or comment .
Well my comment is that i witnessed a drug deal go bad .
And i knew the guy was a dope dealer .
What happened was by the time it got to the news there was a lot of speculation .
Oh it's a carjacking .
And oh you know ooh .
Is it a gang from is it a gang from l. a. .
Are we having gangs in seattle .
They didn't you know they didn't it was a white person that came from the suburbs to buy drugs in my sister's neighborhood .
Uh huh .
I just happened to be there .
Uh huh .
And saw the whole thing .
Do you think it reflected any bias on the part of the news media .
I think it's obvious that that was bias .
How .
How so .
In what way .
It was obvious because here what people saw was a what people saw was black people being portrayed as you know these violent types that you know want to steal white people's cars .
And white people better be they better watch out .
And they better buy guns and keep black folks in one little space you know .
Keep them in the c. d. and stay out of the c. d. .
Oh you know she was a white woman .
She shouldn't have been driving in the c. d. .
That's what that's the first thing that i saw .
Professor robert <unk> do you want to address that .
Yeah .
This brings to mind the coverage of the los angeles riots .
Uh huh .
In which it was found that blacks made up the majority of the people you saw on the screen .
But in fact latinos were the majority of people who were arrested during the riot .
People have in their minds a sense that well if it's a riot it must be black .
And that in fact was a very integrated activity of maybe one of the few that we have in the country .
Felix gutierrez i want to put that question to you because it's a good one .
Do hispanics get not as bad a rap as african americans when it comes to the media .
We don't get as much inclusion across the board .
Uh huh .
The media still frames racial issues in black and white .
But that's a very good example of an issue that was framed in black and white even though it was also a latino situation .
It was a latino and it was asian .
And it should have been because those people who were out there for whatever reason had reasons to be out there to riot or to loot .
They were feeling the same impression that the blacks were .
And until .
We can only think .
Until we look at this country as the multiracial country that it is the news media are not going to be doing an effective job of telling people what's really happening .
So you would almost make the argument that the white news media was so biased against african americans in that situation that they didn't bother to look to see who was really doing the doing the rioting .
And they didn't don't have a clue what's really going on .
Well it might be because they don't have people that can speak spanish .
It could be because they don't have people who are really interested in going beyond the what they feel is the obvious stereotype .
This is a multiracial country .
And certainly los angeles i'm a native of east los angeles is an area that has the most racial diversity of any city .
And that story should have been covered in that way .
And one other point i'd like to make there .
Uh huh .
Go ahead .
It's very difficult to cover a riot to make decisions about a riot in los angeles when the key <unk> are sitting in new york city .
And what you wind up doing oftentimes is fulfilling their expectations their assumptions about the story .
Because let's be very clear that even if you're a bureau chief in l. a. if that executive producer says i want this .
I'm looking for that .
Or you sense that's what he or she wants and basically we're talking about men you go give it to them .
All right .
We have another call from <unk> in tennessee .
<unk> what's your comment or question .
Is <unk> with us .
This is paul .
O. k. .
We seem to have lost <unk> .
I'd like to answer that question also .
Barbara .
Yes .
Yes .
Uh huh .
I wanted to answer that question .
Sure .
First of all you the expectation issue is very important .
It's so hard to get good news out about african americans .
For example there are reports that show that the main group who is winning in saying no to drugs are young black teenagers .
The second group of people in another category those who are saying no to cigarettes are young black men .
In nineteen seventy six thirty six percent of young teenagers smoked both black and white .
Now that has gone down to eight percent of young black men .
Young black men are saying no to drugs but you cannot see these are from official government reports .
You try to get the news out but the media for some reason has it locked in their minds that young black men are thugs or are gangsters and are <unk> .
And this has been .
There's a .
This of course is perpetrated .
I can all right .
Barbara .
By entertainment .
I can make a similar observation and address it to paul <unk> .
Which is that much of what we hear about native americans american indians have to do with alcoholism .
Absolutely .
I think it just shows the power of the press to create certain images because in the native community there is there are many sober professional people .
One of the examples of how the press has dealt differently on a racial and a financial basis which includes the o. j. simpson case historically was the difference in how patty hearst was dealt with in terms of the crimes committed when she was with the s. l. a. and how the crimes and scenario was built around leonard <unk> .
Leonard <unk> was poor .
He was in the minority .
And patty hearst though was a victim all the way through the strings of crimes that were committed there but she had money .
And she was white and she was female .
And everybody feels that the media was more sympathetic to patty heart .
Absolutely .
Do we have agreement on that point here .
I don't think there's any doubt about that .
O. k. .
We have <unk> from tennessee back on the line understand .
<unk> what's your question or comment .
Yes .
I have a question and a comment .
One is your not only the media but your shows on t. v. portray blacks in trouble always .
Uh huh .
You know like you've got your thirty minute shows the cop shows always portraying a black being arrested and mothers leaving kids unattended .
And also my question is what can we do in our community and in school to educate children and teachers to teach people that this is really not true .
That we can prevent things like this from happening and we shouldn't listen we shouldn't believe everything that the media says .
<unk> makes a really interesting point too .
Because she's talking not only about news programming but entertainment programming .
Let me ask you robert .
Who does the worst job of portraying minorities .
The news or entertainment .
Well it's a close call but i would say the news because the news is real and people know it's real .
And i think it's scary .
And what i was going in response to that earlier caller .
Sure .
Is that the news doesn't and also what barbara reynolds said .
The news rarely shows solutions .
It shows a world out of control in which nothing much good is happening .
And people don't seem to be able to grasp the world and make it better .
So i think part of what's happening is that general tendency .
But at least in entertainment i think you actually get a wider range of blacks doing a wider range of things than some other minorities although i think other minorities are more ignored .
All right .
Well i think entertainment is even worse .
You have .
Uh huh .
Shows that are positive shows like roc being taken off the airways .
And shows that are negative project blacks negatively like lawrence are that stays on .
You have an industry who refuse to give record contracts to groups that aren't talking negatively about women or swearing or things like that .
So you have a i think a sort of a disease here an infection of certain negative ideas that you people just seem to hold .
All right .
We need to take a break right here .
More on race racism and the media when sonya live continues .
Welcome back to sonya live .
We're discussing race and the media .
Barbara i'd like to go back to you and just ask be a little bit of a cynic if i can and say o. k. .
So the consensus here is the media's biased .
So what .
Whose life is being affected here .
I think the life of every american .
First of all we operate in a democracy .
You can't have a democracy if your institutions aren't free .
The media are the institutions that are supposed to uphold freedom and fairness .
If we aren't being free nor fair we are <unk> the public the readership and the viewership .
For example if i saw all of the news and i looked at all of the <unk> and all of the anchor people and all of the reporters and all of the editors who are african american women it might occur to me that hmm .
I don't think we deserve that <unk> .
Why white males can't see that we're having a browning of america twenty five percent of the public the population are people of color .
And of course i don't .
We've got one .
I don't subscribe to this word minority because this is another label that you pin on people .
The word means insignificant and small .
We are people of color .
All right .
Not minority players .
All right .
Well we've got one white male sitting here who has done some studying of this issue and perhaps can shed more light on the question of whether people's lives are being affected by the biases that you have seen .
I have i have done studies that show that people who rely more on local t. v. news for the for their news tend to be more racially biased even controlling for their partisanship and ideology and so forth .
So yes it is heightening racial anxiety and tension among white people .
But what i want to say is it is in white people's to become more understanding and empathetic with other ethnic groups .
All right .
Let me ask my guests in atlanta felix gutierrez first of all let me start with you .
What do you think is going to be settled at this conference .
What do you think will change .
Anything .
The key thing is that we're not here as adversaries to the media .
We're partners with the media .
We're part of the media .
I've been in journalism for about thirty years now started in college .
This is part of my profession .
This is part of who i want to be part of .
And i can be as much a part of the media as they will allow my community to be in .
We still though see blockages .
We still though see the glass ceiling .
And in terms of the black and white issue it is still framed in issues between african americans and whites .
The true <unk> of asian americans latinos native americans which is where the greatest growth population wise is coming is still not reflected .
And i would love to have some of those figures that barbara mentioned in terms of the number of african american women who are columnists in the latino community .
And in terms of network television and prime time viewing we're still the invisible minority .
It's we have trained america essentially in black and white .
And that's not where america is and it's clearly not where america is going .
Paul <unk> is this just journalists bashing journalists .
Or do you see any signs that things are going to change .
Well i have to remind people that i think twenty five years ago the kind of convention that's taking place in atlanta georgia probably couldn't have taken place .
In fact even a few years ago it not might not have been possible .
So this is positive movement .
I think that you'll see people who are united at unity ninety four on the agenda for the future simply asking just to be full partners in the discussion about our future and portrayal .
All right .
We need to take a break right here .
I'll be back in just a moment .
I'd like to thank all of our guests here in new york television producer ray nunn and professor robert <unk> of north carolina state university .
Felix gutierrez in atlanta .
Also paul <unk> president of the national american journalist association .
And u. s. a. today columnist barbara reynolds .
And thank you for joining us today .
Join me again tomorrow as we continue to ask why things are the way they are a look at the world from the inside out .
Now we go to bobbie battista for a look at what's ahead on newsday .
