Welcome back .
A teacher is being held for investigation of murder in the little town of chelsea michigan this morning .
He's accused of killing the school superintendent and wounding the principal and a teacher of the school at the town's high school yesterday .
It is a twist on the usual brand of school violence in which it's the kids who commit mayhem .
A survey put out just this week by an insurance company met life says twenty three percent of teachers say they have been the targets of violence on or near school property .
And students as well say that they have a large percentage .
Eleven percent of actually i want to give you those figures correctly .
The survey says twenty three percent of students eleven percent of teachers say they have been the targets of school violence on or near school property .
To barbara we keep hearing that despite people's growing worries about violent crime the stats show that violent crime is actually down a little bit .
Is there an increase in school violence or is our perception wrong .
Is there really not such an increase .
I think there is an increase in school violence and there's an increase in fear .
Now when you have students and adults afraid because other people have guns then you have this effect where students teachers and our society feel that they must also have a gun .
I mean what we need are not these kinds of incremental steps like the brady bill what we need is an all out ban on handguns because the kids are getting these guns at home .
They're getting from their families they're getting them on the black market .
And what we as a society are saying through our movies through our television through our preoccupation with war heroes that violence is as american as apple pie .
And we have to change the culture .
Ellen i know you've been working on a story for the <unk> about just this subject .
Do you see any easy or quick solutions based on the reporting you've done .
Number .
Absolutely not .
There are no easy solutions because there are just too many guns afloat .
I know as a white woman sitting here in the chicago tribune tower that in ten minutes i could buy an illegal handgun .
It's just too easy .
I'm going to interrupt too because barbara talked about keeping guns out of school .
Lord knows i know we all want to .
But there were hearings in atlanta after an incident in one of the school here and there were lots of kids who came in and said you can put up all the metal detectors you want and the <unk> and we know we could still walk into school with a weapon .
You know guns in schools is only a real small percentage of the problem .
If you look at that task force report it actually says that that is a very small percentage of all the violence that's occurring .
They're talking about pushing shoving and cheating and stuff like that even stealing .
What we're really talking about is a lack of morals being taught in schools these days .
That's the biggest problem .
In addition parents aren't involved in their schools anymore .
That is naive .
That is a fact .
That's what's happening in our schools .
Teaching morality in the schools is not going to eliminate violence .
It's not going to make a dent .
That is a naive point of view .
It most certainly is .
I think it will .
It's absolutely naive .
No i think .
You're wrong .
I'm sorry you are wrong .
I think karen is right .
I think we do have to teach morals in our schools .
We have to teach i hate to say it it's a four letter word but it's love .
That's what doctor king was trying to say .
We have to teach non violence in our classrooms .
And if that's moral that's moral .
Well barbara i don't disagree with the idea that it might help but i also think an argument could be made that by the time a kid gets to high school it's too late .
Isn't this the parental function .
I wasn't thinking high school .
I was thinking you know starting in kindergarten .
What used to happen thirty years ago is people at home learned a little bit of respect for authority respect for discipline in their homes .
And if they didn't get it at home people at least thought they were getting it in schools .
Parents are disconnected from schools these days they are simply not involved .
Well let's talk about one way to perhaps change that .
One of the recommendations of the task force here in georgia on school violence was to create a law that would hold parents accountable for violence committed by their kids .
Anybody have an opinion on that .
Unrealistic .
Well that frightens me in a way because what happens if you do all you can as a mother and a parent and then your kids go out of control and do something .
Does that mean that they will put the parent in jail or take your property .
That's what it sounds like .
That makes me a little apprehensive .
Me too .
As a parent i do .
You could write a lot of stories from there .
I do everything i can to teach my boys how to behave like proper young men .
But i'm telling you it's a struggle .
It is .
You know .
I wouldn't want to be responsible .
One of the things that struck me in the survey we were talking about the met life survey was you had twenty three percent of kids say that they had been the targets of violence and yet a large percentage said they felt relatively safe at school .
Maybe this is a reflection on school bad as it may be being better than their streets in the neighborhood .
What do you think .
There's no question that inside the school is probably the safest place in the neighborhood .
I'm writing a story about a shooting at a playground here on the west side of chicago .
And the question is what do we do with our kids in the school .
Do we keep them there .
Do we send them home .
What do we do .
Inside the school might be safer to the mayhem that's on the streets but that ain't saying much .
An interesting statistic i've heard recently is that by the time the average child reaches the age of eighteen they've already witnessed fifteen thousand murders on television .
I think this is <unk> of the problem .
It's not the entire .
But again there's something parents can do karen they can cut that machine off .
Absolutely .
A question about this .
Well that's not .
Go ahead barbara .
That's not practical because many of us like myself are single mothers .
And we're not there .
We're out trying to make a living .
We cannot always cut the t. v. off .
I mean we need hollywood the media to also be accountable as well as parents in the rest of the community .
And that's the only way that we can get on top of this problem .
I want to run this past all three of you and leap in anybody who wants to comment on it .
My sense from having a kid in public schools is while shocking and horrible as it is when a child is killed or wounded or raped that the overarching endemic problem interfering with education is less violence than just chaos in the school room the noise pushing shoving rudeness .
That's very true .
And we're not teaching people to respect authority in our schools .
And i think that's a big problem .
I think also what we have to do is stop changing the incentives .
What children learn today is that crime pays .
The average person who is sent away for committing murder only serves eight years and then they also serve sixty days if they commit a rape and twenty three days for a robbery .
I mean there are incentives to commit crimes these days .
We've got to reverse those .
One more break .
And when we come back we will talk about shopping in the spotlight .
