President clinton aides say he is firmly committed to enforcing the coming sanctions .
More on that from c. n. n.'s jill dougherty .
The white house welcomed the united nations vote approving military enforcement of sanctions on haiti but u. s. warships have already been sent to haitian waters ready to intercept and search vessels suspected of carrying oil or guns for haiti .
Haitian president jean bertrand aristide praised the move and said it would send the right message to haiti's military .
I am quite sure the way we are moving is the right way .
Before those folks thought it was a joke .
Now they are realizing it's serious .
That will work .
Saturday the president took two further steps sending in thirty additional military personnel to beef up the u. s. embassy security detachment in haiti's capital .
And removing the advance team for construction and training the white house said they could not function until conditions improved .
Mr. clinton in his weekly radio address made no mention of haiti concentrating instead on the north american free trade agreement .
But republicans jumped on the president's handling of haiti and other crises charging he had not learned the lessons of vietnam and lebanon .
In some cases such as russia and the middle east the president has been consistent reasoned and constructive .
Yet in other key areas namely defense policy somalia haiti and bosnia the administration has stumbled and the results have been disastrous .
But one democratic senator argued president clinton is being judged more harshly than previous presidents .
These events in recent days are the first real unfolding of the post cold war dynamic and it is inevitable if it were president bush who was there or any other president that we would have the very tensions surface that are now surfacing .
The president himself embroiled in the tensions of haiti this week looked toward another hot spot somalia for what he called a valuable lesson .
The u. s. he said should avoid becoming a police officer .
We can't go into any sort of situation like this ever and allow the political dialogue to collapse because in the end all these folks not just in somalia but everywhere else in the world ultimately have to resolve their own problems and take responsibility for their own destiny .
But with the haitians at this juncture apparently unable to resolve their own problems the u. s. seems ready once again to put on its police badge and at least threaten to use force .
