Now to the man with his finger on the pulse of the pollsters bill schneider standing by in washington .
Bill state polls have been coming out .
What are you reading in these .
Well catherine there have been polls published in thirty eight states since the republican convention last month .
So our analysis is based on just those thirty eight states .
Let's take a look at the states where bill clinton now has a solid lead .
Clinton is at least fifteen points ahead of bush in ten states and they include some big ones .
Three of the nation's ten largest are solidly for clinton new york california and illinois .
Notice that only one of the solid clinton states his own state of arkansas is a southern state .
Twenty states are now leaning to clinton .
Another five of the ten largest are in this leaning to clinton category ohio new jersey florida north carolina and george bush's own state of texas .
Bush is solidly ahead that is by fifteen points or more in only one state utah .
But utah has only five electoral votes .
Four more states are leaning to bush .
Only one of them virginia has more than ten electoral votes .
And the race is a dead heat in three states .
Bill what do you know about the support you're calling solid for bill clinton .
Well let's take a look at the poll numbers in the top ten clinton states .
Right now new york is bill clinton's best state .
He's running twenty seven points ahead in the empire state .
Clinton is running twenty six points ahead in famously liberal massachusetts twenty five points ahead in california the largest state with one fifth of the electoral votes he needs to win .
He's running twenty two points ahead in his own state of arkansas and twenty one points ahead in liberal minnesota .
The next five it's clinton by nineteen in illinois the sixth largest state clinton by nineteen in oregon a state that's voted democratic only once since nineteen sixty four for dukakis last time clinton by nineteen in iowa another dukakis state .
Clinton is leading by sixteen in reliably democratic hawaii and clinton by fifteen in vermont a state that has not gone democratic since nineteen sixty four .
Now let's take another look at these top ten clinton states on the map .
Only three of the solid clinton states were among jimmy carter's top ten states in nineteen seventy six when carter won .
But seven of the solid clinton states were among michael <unk> ten best states in nineteen eighty eight .
Not only that but seven of the solid clinton states were among george mcgovern's top ten states back in nineteen seventy two .
In other words clinton is doing best in the same states where dukakis and mcgovern did best .
Now clinton and gore are both southern white baptists like jimmy carter .
But carter the last democrat to win the presidency got elected on a southern strategy .
That doesn't seem to be what bill clinton is doing .
Well can you define any sort of coalition then that clinton seems to be putting together .
Well catherine here's something odd .
Abraham lincoln the first republican president carried seventeen states in one thousand eight hundred sixty .
Eight of those states that lincoln carried are now solid clinton states .
The governor of arkansas and a senator from tennessee are putting together a coalition that looks a lot like abraham lincoln's .
A coincidence .
Not really .
In its early days the republican party was a liberal anti slavery party .
It was built on a bedrock of yankee votes in the northeast the upper midwest and the pacific coast .
The northern liberal vote remained the core republican vote for seventy five years right up until the new deal in the nineteen thirties .
Right now bill clinton is doing best in the northeast and on the west coast .
They are the most liberal parts of the country and the two coasts have suffered most from the worst economies over the last four years .
Bush is running a conservative campaign unlike gerald ford in nineteen seventy six .
And bush is running best in the south .
It looks like the democrats are putting together a new northern liberal coalition .
We saw it in nineteen seventy two for mcgovern and in nineteen eighty eight for dukakis .
But the democrats lost both of those elections .
If clinton wins this year catherine it will be the first time the democrats have won the presidency with this new coalition .
Well maybe instead of the harry truman analogy we need an abe lincoln analogy .
Yes .
Right .
Bill schneider thanks very much .
And next on inside politics and long and monotonous way to community clinics for millions of americans who need medical attention but can't afford it .
