Six of the world's largest and usually most competitive high tech firms have come together to back a joint venture aimed at developing a new generation of communication devices .
General magic is the name of the venture and this week the company announced something big .
It has developed software that it hopes will fuel the spread of new hand held personal communicators .
Harry <unk> of member station <unk> reports .
A quick look at the six businesses that formed general magic as a joint venture two years ago points the way toward the future of the high tech industry .
Sony matsushita and philips dominate the consumer electronics business with their audio and video equipment .
A. t. and t. dominates long distance services while motorola is a major player in the wireless communications field .
Add the sixth player apple computer and you begin to see three separate but related industries coming together consumer electronics telecommunications and personal computers .
The ultimate goal create a new species of products so called personal intelligent communicators that we'll carry around in our pockets and will do almost everything from answering voice mail to buying movie tickets to taking hand written notes .
General magic president mark <unk> .
What we'd hate to do obviously is start this interesting new industry personal intelligent communications and this incredible new behavior and not create a <unk> so that all of a sudden you find yourself with a brand telephone that can't communicate with another brand telephone .
That would be absurd .
Like the old v. h. s. versus beta problem years ago when video cassette recorders first came out .
Fortunately for the manufacturers v. h. s. did take hold despite that <unk> .
But in the case of video telephones a lack of compatibility has hindered the market .
Video phones can be purchased right now for about one thousand dollars .
But the devices haven't taken off because say experts different video phones don't work with one another .
To develop a standard for personal communicators the six companies had to set a common goal .
It hasn't gone without its bumps in the road .
Bob <unk> of motorola's paging and wireless division .
<unk> says the goal was the technological standard and that the six partners cooperated because not doing so would have stymied an emerging industry .
Outside of the hype that the industry might suggest for this right now i can clearly see the trends in our paging and cellular businesses and subscriber usage which amount in the millions of users in this country the demands for greater types of communication service greater amount of messaging this is not going to be a solution looking for a problem .
In silicon valley business alliances come and go with regularity .
General magic president mark <unk> was aware of this and says they put together their alliance carefully .
When we started general magic we were very very strong on one point .
We had to have the participation of the top officers the top executives in the company .
Why .
Because a paradigm shift of this sort can fall apart pretty readily unless they have that kind of commitment from the top executives and of course that's what we have .
What general magic has in store for the marketplace was announced this week software that will allow different brands of communication devices to work with one another and an operating system that will allow other programs to be written for it .
What this all means says paul <unk> of the institute for the future in menlo park california is that designers working at different companies will have an easier time making compatible products .
Most of us the only thing we'll every notice about general magic is that our systems work really well and we'll be curious and ask why they work very well and we'll understand it's general magic software .
The six companies behind general magic say they'll be selling products using the software standard some time this summer .
Though they won't be specific yet expect pocket sized wireless message devices that act like a cross between an electronic note pad and a cellular phone .
Other products will come quickly but only if that great unknown consumer demand is there .
In the meantime general magic will start licensing its software to other manufacturers .
