I. b. m. to lay off thousands more .
It's all things considered from national public radio .
Thirty five thousand layoffs announced by the computer giant i. b. m. .
A congressional commission has studied the savings and loan crisis reports on its causes and makes recommendations for the future .
We see no remaining rationale for a separate thrift industry receiving special charters from the federal government .
We would see the s. and l.s being converted into commercial banks and all distinctions eliminated .
Also in this half hour the international trade commission rules on the steel tariffs ordered by the commerce department .
Some of those duties will be imposed in other cases they're overturned .
Those stories coming up after this news .
This is all things considered .
I'm noah adams .
And i'm robert siegel .
It's been the kind of day that reminds one of the <unk> sign at clinton campaign headquarters a year ago the one that said it's the economy <unk> as a congressional conference committee <unk> toward consensus on a budget package these events occurred i. b. m. once synonymous with corporate excellence announced still more layoffs part of a plan to scale back to just over half its peak workforce .
A congressional commission charged with investing the savings and loan debacle has recommended a restructuring of the country's financial industry and tighter restrictions on what sort of bank accounts should be federally insured and the federal international trade commission has ruled on steel imports sustaining some at the punitive duties on foreign steel imposed by the commerce department and overturning others .
First to i. b. m. which lost eight billion dollars in the second quarter of this year and is cutting thirty five thousand jobs .
These cuts bring to eighty five thousand the total number of jobs that i. b. m. has targeted for elimination this year .
From new york npr's jim zarroli reports .
I. b. m.'s new chairman louis gerstner delivered the bad news at a morning press conference .
He said the company would eliminate some thirty five thousand more jobs by the end of nineteen ninety four .
He would not say where the cuts would take place but said they would be more heavily weighted toward i. b. m. operations overseas .
The cuts come after another disappointing quarter for the company .
I. b. m. lost some forty million dollars in the second quarter of nineteen ninety three because of soft economic conditions worldwide but when the costs of downsizing are figured in such as severance packages for departing employees the losses reach a staggering eight billion dollars .
Still these are one time only expenses and gerstner said once they are absorbed he believes the company will be on the road to profitability .
If our assumptions are wrong and the industry outlook becomes more pessimistic then we will take whatever additional action is necessary to make the company profitable but if our assumptions are correct then we believe that we will be able to absorb any future adjustments through normal productivity actions of the company .
Today's announcement appears to mark another chapter in the long slow decline of the world's largest computer company .
I. b. m. has been in trouble since the mid nineteen eighties when customers began abandoning its bulky mainframe computers in favor of smaller cheaper p. c.s made by low cost competitors .
As its losses have mounted i. b. m. has tried to decentralize its massive bureaucracy and eliminate <unk> operations and last year for the first time some employees were laid off .
The workforce which peaked at four hundred five thousand in late nineteen eighty five will drop to two hundred twenty five thousand once the latest job cuts take effect .
Gerstner acknowledged today that the layoffs were affecting company morale .
And i'm worried about that and i'm worried about our communication with our employees and we've got to try to get behind us this chinese water torture we've been going through quarter after quarter year after year in the company get our problems behind us and get us growing again .
Gerstner has been faulted by the press for lacking a long term vision for the company but he <unk> aside questions about that today .
Instead he spoke generally about his plans for i. b. m. saying he hoped to improve customer services and emphasize areas where the company still holds a technological edge over its competitors .
His main priority right now he said is making i. b. m. profitable again .
