Millions of americans were glued to their television screens this week watching the astronauts fix the hubble telescope .
Popular culture commentator steven stark was one of them .
It may have been almost imperceptible .
But over the last week or so for the first time in a long time people have been talking about space again .
What precipitated this of course was the mission to repair the hubble telescope which seemed to dominate the news and water cooler talk more than any other space mission since the challenger disaster almost eight years ago .
Part of the increased attention may be due to the fact that this simply has been a slow month with congress out of session and no foreign policy <unk> to dominate the news .
But there are other reasons why the nation's gaze has turned up to the stars .
Or at least the stars via the small screen yet again .
In the wake of the challenger tragedy people seemed to forget what good television space has always been .
It was after all the first great t. v. miniseries an eight year <unk> to the moon hosted by walter cronkite .
Always carefully scripted with better and better pictures .
It began of course with alan shepherd's fifteen minutes in space took us through john <unk> <unk> scott <unk> missing capsule the space walks the christmas mission that <unk> the moon and finally neil <unk> walk itself .
In that sense interest in the hubble mission is yet another form of nostalgia a reminder of the days in the sixties when america's self confidence still knew no bounds and we all told ourselves we had that can do nasa spirit .
In the sixties we came to take space success virtually for granted but the fact that this mission went well thirty years later seems almost surprising and therefore poignant .
In an era when there is no money or will for space travel or just about anything else this was the social equivalent of an old <unk> game or a reunion concert .
Therefore it should be no surprise that space has returned in this season .
We have after all just seen <unk> of other sixties hits bonanza the beverly hillbillies and the <unk> family as well as the usual anniversary celebrations of j. f. k. .
If those sixties icons can come back for a night or two why not space .
What's more i talked in my last commentary about the return of the western and how that genre tends to reappear in eras when the promise of the frontier has disappeared and the <unk> for that lost past increases .
So it goes too with what star trek once called the last frontier and president kennedy made the centerpiece of his new frontier .
We found out this week that we missed the romance of space more than we thought .
Beam us aboard scotty .
