In the philippines voters go to the polls a week from today to choose a successor to the president <unk> aquino .
Also they'll be deciding thousands of state and local races following campaigns that have seen dozens of candidates and their supporters murdered this as the philippines is struggling to keep alive mrs. <unk> concepts of democracy .
C. n. n.'s mike chinoy reports .
Six years ago they took to the streets in what became known as people power a movement that toppled dictatorial president ferdinand marcos and gave the philippines a democratically elected government .
In a week <unk> will be going to the polls to elect a successor to the woman who led that peaceful revolution for democracy president <unk> aquino .
But the campaign here is reaching a climax against a backdrop of economic crisis and political uncertainty .
Although part of one of the most economically successful regions in the world the philippines has missed out on the boom that has transformed southeast asia in the past half dozen years .
It remains a society mired in poverty and corruption .
Inflation is double digit the standard of living has fallen and this is a kind of crisis that affects everybody not just the poor .
Despite <unk> promises of reform the philippines is still dominated by a small number of powerful families who control most of the country's wealth and resources .
The plight of the common people has been made worse by a series of natural disasters from volcanic eruptions to earthquakes disasters with which <unk> inefficient and <unk> government could not cope .
Against this backdrop seven candidates are campaigning for the office mrs. aquino has voluntarily chosen to vacate .
They range from the general who helped aquino push marcos from power to the late president's chief <unk> and his still colorful wife <unk> .
But the campaign this year is far different from nineteen eighty six when aquino inspired the nation to challenge an unpopular dictator .
Political passion for any of the presidential candidates is very low .
With polls showing no consistent front runner it's hard to find anyone here who believes this election will lead to the strong government many <unk> say is essential to deal with the country's problems .
That has fueled speculation of another attempted military coup of which there were seven during <unk> six years in office .
But the fact that this election is being held at all in a country with a long and unhappy history of authoritarian rule is itself a sign that for all the problems democracy is still alive in the philippines .
