Now for some news outside the washington beltway .
Some of the premier nineteen ninety four political races already are getting underway .
In texas democratic governor ann richards took the something old something new approach to announcing her bid for a second term .
She held a rally today at her <unk> home near waco and beamed it via satellite for all interested parties to down link .
This is a place where we still believe that hard work will get you somewhere and our challenge today is to ensure that the little girl who lives here now will have the same opportunity to go wherever her ability and her determination will take her .
That's what it's all about .
Down link simply means to pick up the signal and put it on television .
Richards served two terms as texas state treasurer before being elected governor in nineteen ninety .
And one of former president bush's sons george w. bush already is campaigning for the republican nomination in texas .
He's already made the transition from actor to congressman now representative fred grandy is planning to take a shot at the iowa governor's post .
The fourth term republican is due to announce his campaign tomorrow .
A des moines register poll of registered republicans shows the g. o. p. incumbent terry <unk> leading grandy forty five percent to thirty five percent but the survey shows the former love boat star has some pockets of political strength in the state .
Virginia democrats have further set the stage for an expected showdown between senator charles robb and governor douglas wilder .
The democratic state central committee voted saturday to hold a june fourteenth primary instead of a convention to pick the party's senate candidate .
Advocates of a primary claim it would <unk> the party which is smarting from big losses in last month's races for governor and attorney general .
Both robb and wilder favor a primary as they carry their long time political rivalry into the spotlight of a senate race .
It is one of the most powerful positions in washington but its current occupant says it isn't always the place for brute force .
Few people can behave as we think they did the old days .
They think this is the way it's going to be and i the speaker say so and that's that and i don't want to hear any opposition to it .
Coming up on inside politics more from one of washington's players house speaker thomas foley .
We continue now our december series of interviews here on inside politics we call the players and there's no one who's more a player in this political town than house speaker thomas foley .
Foley was born in nineteen twenty nine in washington state and he earned his college degrees at the university of washington .
By trade he is an attorney .
He's married .
Speaker foley began his career as a spokane county deputy prosecuting attorney in nineteen fifty eight .
In the conversation we had before the congressional recess i asked him how long it took after he was elected before he had his eye on the speaker's chair .
I came to the congress in nineteen sixty four was elected in nineteen sixty four .
My first year was the first year of lyndon johnson nineteen sixty five .
I didn't know whether i'd serve two years or ten .
I certainly didn't imagine i'd probably twenty and now almost thirty .
As things developed i i think i was very fortunate to have an opportunity to become a sub committee chairman early .
In my second term i was a sub committee chairman and ten years into my service i was a committee chairman .
That's very rare .
It had nothing to do with my abilities particularly .
Because of the seniority system it really was more a matter of how many people on the committees i served on retired or ran for other offices or left the congress for one reason or another .
Hold it hold it hold it .
Yes .
Aren't you being modest .
No no not really .
A second term member of congress and you're a chairman of a sub committee .
Well that was through the indulgence of the committee chairman .
In those days the committee chairman pretty much decided what sub committees were created and extinguished on the committees and mr. <unk> from texas was the chairman of the agriculture committee and he decided to create some new sub committees and appointed me as the chairman of one them but he appointed sub committee chairmen pretty much on the basis of seniority .
Let me just give you an example of how good fortune is part of this business .
When i came to the eighty ninth congress in nineteen sixty five .
Mmm hmmm .
There were something like thirteen or fourteen vacant seats on the house agriculture committee and there were thirteen or fourteen of us who were newly assigned on the democratic side to that committee i think there were a couple of republican <unk> as well and they drew them out of the hat and i drew the number two position .
You know it probably accounted for fifteen years seniority at that minute .
Right next to me in seniority was e. de la <unk> of texas and now the chairman of the committee as a result partially of that good fortune .
Other things have to happen .
You have to work hard you have to have well seize opportunities and all that sort of thing but anyway i had some good fortune and opportunities presented to me .
I also ran for some offices such as chairman of the caucus and i was appointed the whip and i ran for majority leader .
I think at that point at the point that i ran for majority leader and became majority leader i thought it was possible but i don't mean certain but possible that someday i could think about being speaker .
So you got a whiff of power and you liked how it smelled .
Well power responsibility however you want to say it but actually as someone has pointed out and a number of people have power and responsibility in washington are a little more diffused than they seem to people outside .
Mmm hmmm .
And particularly in congress .
You have to work with others so much .
You have to really make it a collective a collegial effort .
Very few people can behave as we think they did in the old days .
They think this is the way it's going to be and i the speaker say so and that's that and i don't want to hear any opposition to it .
You really have to try to settle disputes and arrange for decisions by consensus more than by order .
Take us into your psyche .
What makes you tick .
I don't know .
I that's a hard question to answer at least quickly .
I grew up in a family where my father was a prosecuting attorney and a judge a senior judge for a long time and i was taught by my mother and father that public service was a high calling a very high calling and a tremendous responsibility .
And so i think it was kind of natural that i followed the course of being a lawyer and probably thought for most of the time that i was in law school and beyond that my career would probably take me to a judicial branch of government rather than the congressional branch .
Again a lot of things happened somewhat by accident and when i had an opportunity to run for congress and i did .
Personally i find it satisfying but there's also a part of i think all of us that wants a private part of life too .
This is a very public job where you're on display or publicly visible a lot .
With television you're well known usually wherever you go and every once in awhile it's nice to kind of find an opportunity to retreat a bit and have a private life with your family and wife and so on .
What childhood lesson what childhood experience stays with you to this very day in that job .
In the job of being a member of congress .
I guess one of the things that stays with me and i'm very grateful to my parents we all are to my father i remember one time saying that i didn't understand what this depression was all about .
We lived in a comfortable neighborhood in spokane washington .
Almost all of our neighbors had comfortable incomes much more than we had in most cases and i everybody in the neighborhood had a maid in the thirties everybody had gardens everybody had some would go out to lakes in the summertime so and had entertained people and friends and we had a very comfortable sort of environment in the midst of a terrible depression .
And my father packed me in the car and immediately took me down to a <unk> area in spokane and showed me the homeless people living in the field in kind of tattered <unk> and took me behind the hospitals to see people lined up in the morning for a cup of coffee and saw to it that i realized there were a lot of people that were suffering a lot and i don't think that image will ever get out of my mind that there really were two americas the america that was fairly comfortable fairly secure that had the advantages of a lot of comfort and if not wealth at least surrounded by circumstances that were pretty pleasant economically and there was another side that was desperately poor i think much more than we even hardly see today the kind of rough poverty that existed in the depression .
You know i hear you saying that your values are your <unk> .
Well i think we all have to have a sense of values as a <unk> .
The we're going to make mistakes in policy .
We're going to have different judgments about what's good to achieve common goals but unless we have some sense of what we want to see from society the values that we want to see recognized in public policy we really don't have much guide .
Last question .
Not that you're going anywhere but how do you want to be remembered .
Well it's i'm really not ready for the epitaph yet please but i would hope that as far as my service as speaker is concerned i'd like to try to support the idea of correcting some of the structural problems in the congress and restoring some of the public confidence in the institution .
It's gone through a pretty rough period some of it on my watch .
I don't think i'm responsible for that but i it's <unk> with the fact that i have been speaker that some old standing problems that have had to be corrected they have been corrected .
I'd like to be remembered and i hope my republican friends will understand this as being fair and equitable as a speaker in terms of the legislation .
Speakers in this country have the awkward problem of being both party leaders and presiding officers .
In other countries almost every other parliamentary country the speaker is removed from politics .
In britain speakers even resign from social clubs that have a connection with their former political party .
They're much more like judges in that sense than our well our notion of a speaker .
Mmm hmmm .
And i would hope to be remembered as somebody that wanted to contribute to making the society fairer more equitable and i hope more secure and giving americans a continual possibility of playing a major and beneficial role in the world .
All those are pretty big ambitions but i hope at least i will be remembered as having a positive role with others in bringing that about .
Mr. speaker thank you .
Best wishes .
Thank you .
A good interview .
A very reflective side of tom foley we don't normally see .
One we don't normally see and one we hope to see in other people we talk to in our players .
And this item just in on the reuters news wire and that is that pennsylvania's governor robert casey announced today that he plans to return to work next week more than six months after he underwent a rare heart and liver transplant .
Casey is sixty one years old and he's had some minor complications since the surgery last summer but his doctors say his recovery has gone well .
We'll be back with more inside politics in a moment .
Well i guess that's all for this edition of inside politics .
I'm judy woodruff .
I'm bernard shaw .
