I'm newsroom's courtney <unk> in the united states capitol .
Over the last year we've introduced to all kinds of people athletes artists and authors .
We've <unk> interesting people with interesting lives and we've also <unk> into the world of politics for a better understanding of what makes this and other countries tick .
One interview that comes to mind is with former president jimmy carter .
Do you think we'll ever reach the point where all wars can be negotiated .
Well i think to be idealistic about it you'd say yes but i think to be practical there are always going to wars .
One reason for the pessimism the tendency of governments to take advantage of their citizens .
That's what creates a war is when people are so disturbed about their own quality of life and their own families that they're willing to risk their lives to overthrow the government that they think is not fair to them .
And quincy jones tells them all the same thing .
Not worry so much about getting over .
I think there's a real serious disease today of everybody wanting it to happen too fast .
You know they want to be their goals are to be rich successful and famous too fast .
I don't think that's something that you aim at .
You know that's it's better to be thinking about getting better than getting over .
I still believe that one's ethnic not one's color but one's ethnic which is about the culture and the language is important to a character as is one's sexuality one's temperament .
All those things are important .
All my free time i try to enjoy being a normal twenty one year old just being with my friends and going dancing listening to music .
My friends you know are definitely big supporters but when it gets down to it i'm still the same old christi and they still tease me and bug me and at home i have the same chores to do .
Christi has just launched her professional career but she hasn't ruled out competing in the ninety four olympics .
Regardless of where the future takes her christi says her philosophy for living will never change .
I think everyone out there has a little niche in their life that is special to them and mine happens to be figure skating .
But whether it's in a sport or school or work you know set your goals high pursue your dreams and you know don't let anything get in your way .
Africa and african art is universal .
They used to use the word black art to put you in kind of a little pigeon hole you know where this is not on a level that will appeal on the international market but it was exactly the opposite you know .
The look that picasso has is an african look .
That's why it appeals to people on an international level .
