Japan's economy was once the envy of nations today it's in recession .
I'm deborah marchini what's become of the japanese economic miracle who wanted a piece of the world .
Find out on inside business eleven thirty pm eastern sunday on c. n. n. .
Mortgage rates dropped slightly this past week after rising for the past month .
The average rate on thirty year fix rate home loans dropping to just below seven percent six point nine nine to be precise .
Fifteen year fixed six point four seven is the average .
One year adjustables four point oh six percent .
Move on to consumer loans a new car loan at a bank the average is seven point nine percent personal loans unsecured that is fifteen point two percent and you're still paying seventeen point seven percent on credit card debt .
The dilemma for savers continues after inflation some c. d.s are yielding less than a half percent so far this year inflation is running at two point seven percent .
The average money market fund pays two point three six percent .
For a six month c. d. the average is two point seven nine percent one year c. d.s average a yield of three point oh eight and five year c. d.s the average yield there is four point six six percent .
Well getting the bill for your prescription drugs may be enough to knock you right on your back .
The high cost of research and development for new drugs is often funneled on to the consumer but generic drugs can be a less expensive alternative kelli arena reports .
Welcome to the cold season .
This year a lot of consumers will be paying top dollar for prescription drugs to fight the flu and the common cold .
But before you stock up on the latest remedies you may want to consider generic drugs .
<unk> are copies of brand name drugs whose patents have expired .
A new drug takes about twelve years to develop and costs an average of two hundred thirty one million dollars .
But since generic drug companies don't pay for research and development <unk> often cost half the amount of their brand name <unk> .
But lower costs don't get some consumers over the hurdle of brand name loyalty and the two products are not always identical .
There's more to a drug than just the chemical nature of the drug .
There's the binders the solutions the <unk> that go in to the drugs .
There's the taste for young children my children at least don't like the taste frequently of generic products compared to the brand name products .
So there are other issues .
Another way to save money is by using store brand over the counter drugs .
Most large drug stores and even grocery stores carry their own line of remedies and <unk> .
If it's for a cold or something that's a relatively minor complaint it saves you a lot of money .
I think it'd be a very reasonable thing to do .
When you choose a store brand drug only buy from a reputable company and if you're on prescription drugs you can only switch to <unk> with approval from your physician .
That's your money .
