We want to go live to new york city now where baseball owners are holding a conference a news conference that is after meeting in negotiations earlier today .
Richard ravitch is speaking .
He's the owners' negotiator .
Let's listen in .
List of proposals which they did not discuss .
They have it to us in writing .
We will study it and respond to it very soon .
We're going to meet tomorrow .
Number two we discussed again there was considerable back and forth on the merits and <unk> arguable <unk> of a salary cap and how it would affect baseball and how it's effected other sports .
I would have to say probably that the lion's share of the discussion had to do with the issues surrounding the pension fund .
And i'd like to take a couple of minutes and just explain that as best i can .
We had an agreement with the players that was signed during the nineteen ninety negotiations .
It was a four year agreement and it said very specifically what the owners should contribute to the fund in each of the next four years .
And it said on its face that the owners were under no obligation to make any contribution to that beyond the term of the agreement .
Now the simple fact is that people have burdens and benefits from collective bargaining agreements and this issue the issues of that we're debating right now is how to negotiate a mutually acceptable collective bargaining agreement .
If the players had intended had wanted to gear the payment of the pension fund to the all star game as they have suggested they are somehow by some mysterious process entitled to then the agreement would have said that .
But it didn't say that .
They didn't bargain for it and they aren't legally entitled to it .
We have made it very clear to them that we are going to expect when our collective bargaining issue is resolved obviously we will resolve the issue of the pension contributions as well .
Let me say very simply that when the owners announced in the beginning of the year that they would not lock out they assumed a terrific risk that the players could strike on any day and cause a massive disruption of the game .
It was a risk that we took .
None the less we committed not to lock out .
We further committed and confirmed in writing that we would follow the expired collective bargaining agreement and honor it and not attempt to change it .
This was a commitment made last january i believe and through opening day .
And anybody who would have expected that that commitment was a commitment to pay pension fund obligations could not have understood that letter .
There was no commitment to meet any obligations on any expired agreement whatsoever .
The issue here remains one single issue and that is that the business environment in which this game is being played and the economic forces that have an impact on baseball require for the sake of the game a change in the system .
And the proposal we made will in my judgment give the players an opportunity to earn more and more money in the years ahead and the guarantee that we gave them assures them that they will not make less than they made this year .
I'd be delighted to answer any questions .
Yes do these talks have a sense of urgency yet .
Oh i think everybody in the room is very conscious of the consequences of going out on strike consequences to the game consequences to the owners and consequences to the players .
Is the friday miss or the august first missed payment or non payment add another wedge into these negotiations and are they taking .
Well i think if the union wishes to characterize it as an act of bad faith but again you know the simple fact is in negotiations that employers take great risks when they enter collective bargaining agreements and so do employees through their unions .
And when strikes occur the employer is deprived of the revenues of the game and the employees of the employer are deprived of the benefits that were accorded them when the collective bargaining agreements were in full force and effect .
And if there is not resolution of this and i don't mean to suggest that i think there won't be i have still every expectation and certainly every hope that this will be resolved in a very timely fashion that this issue will get resolved easily and that nobody will end up being injured as a result of it .
But there are risks involved in striking there certainly are to both sides .
Did you say you're meeting tomorrow with the players correct .
No i think tomorrow the meeting is going to be just with union officials and ourselves to discuss a number of technical issues .
Is this a hurdle that is <unk> before you get to the salary cap or is this taking up a great did this take up a great deal of your time today .
Well it was discussed extensively today .
I don't think it is an insurmountable objective .
The parties still have to come to an agreement an over all agreement .
One of the things to be resolved is the pension system and the payments to it and how they come whether it's in our proposal that was part of the gross compensation to be paid and would be determined accordingly or in view as otherwise .
When was the date that this was paid last year .
I believe it was paid on august first last year jerry that's what the contract called for .
So this august first deadline .
It's not a deadline it was a contract that required a payment on august first .
The previous contract .
The contract that expired this last april that's correct .
It expired this last april .
Bad faith a term that's being bandied about now is give and take normal negotiations .
Is this the first time .
I'm unaware of any situation in which an employer makes a payment when he's not <unk> obligated to do so during the course of collective bargaining .
Mr. ravitch we have heard you and mr. <unk> and others say that there are nineteen clubs losing money .
Could you tell us would you list the nineteen clubs .
Nobody's said that frequently .
I have said repeatedly that the projections the individual club projections that were given the union reflected that fact .
But the burden of the argument here is not the poverty argument .
The issue is our right to bargain for our total cost of labor .
And as you've heard me say you don't have to prove your poverty to have a right to bargain .
Are you saying that there are nineteen clubs projected to lose money or nineteen clubs losing money .
There are nineteen clubs that provided projections to us which we shared with the union with the union that showed that by the end of this season that they would lose money .
And i want to make it clear because the union correctly made one point today and that is that in those projections there was no projection of the world series and <unk> gate receipt money and there wasn't because they were individual club projections and no club projects at the beginning of the year an assumed revenue from the world series 'cause no club knows whether they're gonna be in it or not .
Would you be unwilling to tell us the nineteen clubs that are projected to lose money .
Could you tell us .
No because individual club financial data is not something that the owners feel they have any <unk> to share with the public .
They feel they have a right to share it with the players and they have done so .
Can you turn it around and give us the nine clubs that are making money .
Jerry i wonder when i meet the guy who can <unk> but not add .
In the event the post season is played what would that number of clubs losing money become .
Pardon me .
In the event that clubs receive from the central fund the projected gate receipts and television receipts from the post season what would that nineteen figure change to .
Ron let me answer it this way .
The projections included and assumed an amount of revenue from the broadcast networks .
The only thing that was excluded was the gate their share of the gate receipts and rob correct me if i'm wrong but i think rob are you still here .
Number .
I think it's about twelve dollars gate receipts which would go to the winning or the clubs that participate in the divisional playoffs the <unk> and the world series .
So it's not ascribed to any particular club run .
It's not in those individual projections .
So what impact that would have on the clubs depends on who the winners were .
Given that the clubs many times in ninety eighty five eighty one eighty going back forth predicted financial doom and gloom and it turned out not to be the case why should we believe it this time .
Ron i have to say again that the economics of baseball are as well understood by the union as they are by the owners .
We certainly disagree as to what the future's going to be like and how it would be impacted by player compensation systems .
But the basis for this proposal the basis of the owners' position is very simple .
We think that there are a growing number of clubs that cannot afford to field competitive payrolls and we think the system has to change in order to insure a degree of competitive balance in the game .
And two we have a right a fundamental right to bargain for our cost of labor .
And we're going to do that and you don't have to prove your poverty in order to have a right to do it .
Do you sense that there's a groundswell of support out there among the general public for the salary cap .
Maybe a feeling that the players make too much money .
I think in all candor there's a groundswell of opinion that says that they're really very unhappy that one group of millionaires is fighting another group of millionaires and that they're going to be deprived of the game of baseball .
Given that the pension the funding for the pension fund is linked to the all star game why .
It is not linked to the all star game claire there is nothing in the agreement that creates that linkage whatsoever .
But there is a tradition .
I thought it was organized for the pension .
As i understand it murray the that there the timing of these payments was geared to these payments are made by baseball's central fund and that the timing of these payments are geared to .
Richard ravitch the negotiator the owners holding a news conference in new york .
