I guess a lot of you are aware of some of these the problems that the cable companies have had .
Cable companies now are not going to be able to charge for services or equipment not requested by you the customer .
The f. c. c. must ensure reasonable prices for installation and equipment .
Service standards must be set to protect consumers against chronic outages .
Do you ever sit there and watch a television show and all of a sudden the cable goes off for hours .
Sometimes a day or so .
Protect against billing refunds service programs .
Local communities can also set some additional standards .
Let's go to your phone calls .
Please keep your comments as brief as possible so that we can get to a lot of calls .
Your first call is from illinois .
Hello .
Illinois hello .
Hello .
Yes go ahead .
The reason why i'm calling is i think that we're forgetting the basic issue here is that cable subscription is a not a necessity it's a luxury and if the market's not going to bear the price then subscription counts would go down .
And cable company subscription counts are going up .
Therefore it would seem to me that the rates aren't that outrageous and if people are complaining about the rates then they just don't have to pay it .
Well you're right .
And let me also point out that the average monthly cable rate increase has been twenty seven percent since the deregulation in nineteen eighty six .
Nearly fifty six million households now have cable and sixty percent of the people with television have cable right now .
And you're right not everybody it is a luxury not everybody can afford it and if the rates keep going up people won't .
And that's what we're talking about .
Our next call is in washington .
Hello .
Hi brian how are you doing .
I'm pretty happy with my cable .
I've had it for many years but i'm wondering why do you hate howard stern so much .
O. k. our next call is from kansas .
Hello .
Hi .
I just want to say that i think this cable regulation bill is a real slap in the face to the cable industry which has really achieved this wonderful thing against all of the against all odds .
The i'm a libertarian and i think the libertarian position is right .
That is to eliminate regulation but at the same time eliminate the franchise rights the local governments have created for themselves out of thin air .
Then there would be no excuse for saying that there aren't opportunities for competition .
But i think the cable industry is really deserves a pat on the back for doing a great job and i think that this bill will only make things work .
O. k. thank you for your call .
Let's go to our next call in washington .
Hello .
Yes oh excuse me .
Yes i would disagree with your first caller who said that cable is just a luxury .
Where i live at we all we have is cable .
There are no local broadcast stations and if you want to watch television you must have cable .
If this bill is going to cause our cable rates to go up we don't need it because we just can't afford it where we are now because get very little for what we pay now about twenty two dollars a month for basic cable .
That's ridiculous .
What part of washington are you in .
<unk> washington up in the far north corner .
O. k. we appreciate your call .
Thank you .
That's a good point .
A lot of people don't get broadcast television or some of the signal doesn't come in very clear and the only thing they have is cable .
It's a good point .
Let's go to our next call in texas .
Hello .
Hello .
Hi .
Brian .
Yes .
Love your show .
Thank you sir .
Here in houston the rates have gone up unbelievably in the last several years and i think that it's about time to try to do something about the rates because i haven't seen anything about this on the news in any time in the last year or two as far as doing anything about the outrageous rates .
There's been a lot of complaints against cable companies and we have no one to turn to as far as consumers .
Good point and that's what the members of the congress are talking about and that's why this apparently has passed .
We thank you .
Let's go to our next call in indiana .
Hello .
Hi .
I'd just like to say it's a victory for joe average america .
O. k. .
Good comment .
Thank you .
Let's go to our next call in california .
Hello .
Yeah i don't believe anybody's addressed how much this is going to cost the american people .
Well it's a good point .
President .
How about the government .
President bush .
President bush .
President bush says the bill would increase your monthly payment .
He says the legislation would cost american jobs and discourage investment in telecommunications .
Number .
No no way .
O. k. .
It's going to cost big government three thousand more people working for the f. c. c. a lot more regulation lot more audits .
The cable companies are going to pass that right on to us .
So you see it coming not quite right away but maybe in the next few years .
Absolutely .
And they're going to people are going to rebel again on it .
It's just going to more government .
So the f. c. c. getting involved is just going to botch things up .
That's what you're saying .
No they're not going to botch things up .
They're going to do their job .
And their job is to administer and to audit and to find out what the cable rates are going to be .
And that means people getting together forcing the cable companies to do audits and making and <unk> that their rates are fair .
O. k. we appreciate your call .
Thank you very much to all of you that would take the time to call us .
