New chairman seeks inclusive g. o. p. .
I'm rowland evans .
Robert novak and i will question the newly elected chairman of the republican national committee .
He is haley barbour of <unk> city mississippi .
Barbour was elected chairman friday on the third ballot by the republican national committee .
Age forty five barbour was political director at the white house under president reagan and since then has been a washington lobbyist .
He is republican national <unk> from mississippi and was described this way in his nominating speech .
One of our own who understands the republican party from the ground up from the bottom to the top from the precincts to the white house .
He is one of us .
Before barbour was elected departing national chairman rich bond challenged whoever succeeded him to take the abortion issue out of politics .
Are we willing to stake our party's fortunes on a single issue .
Is it the job of the republican party to lead the crusade .
Mr. barbour this is your first television interview since your election .
Congratulations .
Thank you bob .
Are you ready to follow the advice by your predecessor rich bond and actively move to eliminate any mention of abortion from the platform of the party in nineteen ninety six .
You know rich was chairman for a year and made his views known yesterday and i'm sure he's got a good strong basis of that but we're not going to do anything about our platform until nineteen ninety six .
We don't have a chance to do that .
I've said throughout this campaign that my own view is that we cannot let abortion or any other issue be a litmus test .
If we let abortion be the threshold issue of republicanism we need our heads examined .
I understand that position but do you have an opinion on whether there should be any mention of abortion in the platform .
I mean mr. bond thinks it should be eliminated .
Do you think it should be eliminated or not be eliminated .
I think the biggest problem we had in nineteen ninety two is that the white house imposed just stuffed down a position on abortion that was an <unk> position on the convention that we did not really have the convention decide what the abortion plank ought to be .
When nineteen ninety six comes around we'll see what the political facts about abortion are what is at issue .
You know at one time the only question was should abortion be legal or illegal but in the wake of the webster decision the mississippi decision the pennsylvania decision there are a lot more issues that are relevant today in terms of how much abortion should be limited regulated by the state .
And in nineteen ninety six i don't have a crystal ball to know what the issues will be .
I do know that right now we need to talk more about the issues that unite us as republicans and not let any one issue be a litmus test .
Mr. chairman i want to make one more try at that .
You said that the abortion issue should be submerged to its rightful place .
Please define for me rightful place .
Well that it not be a litmus test that we not have people believe that if they disagree with the republican platform position on abortion that somehow they're second class republicans .
I'm pro life but there are millions and millions of good republicans who are pro choice who are every bit as good republicans as i. you don't have to agree with haley barbour on everything to be a good republican .
And that's one thing that our chairman and our party has to stand for .
We're the conservative party in this country but we are a broad mainstream party and we're a diverse party .
In a party big enough to elect a president of the united states everybody's not going to agree on everything .
Do you think .
We shouldn't expect to .
Do you think that your predecessor as i detected a note of criticism in what you said he'd been chairman and suddenly on the way out he makes this <unk> statement .
Do you think he made a mistake .
Number .
I was not being you may have detected a note of criticism but it was not intended .
Just rich has been chairman .
He has a right to his own opinions and to share with the committee what he thinks after his year as chairman of the r. n. c. .
As i come in i have my own experiences which are different from <unk> .
But no he's got it's like i was saying a minute ago .
We don't have to agree on everything .
We're not supposed to agree on everything .
If everybody agreed with me it'd be a mighty small party .
Very very briefly and then i want to move to larger other issues was it a constructive thing statement for rich bond to have made at this particular moment .
Yes or no .
I think rich was expressing himself about a real concern .
All right .
That does truly exist in the party and to the degree of putting it on the table there's nothing wrong with that .
I don't want to say it was not constructive .
It's just his giving his opinion .
All right .
Mr. chairman i was present in saint louis for the last two days just got back to washington and i found a lot of your supporters were very much afraid of the fact that phyllis schlafly and the right and the pro life people were supporting your principal opponent spencer abraham the former michigan chairman for chairman .
Is the kiss is the endorsement of phyllis schlafly now a negative in the party .
Oh i don't know about that .
I don't know that phyllis schlafly took any role in the thing until right at the very last .
So i don't know .
I think the reason that i won was that i appealed to a broad diverse group in the party geographically philosophically .
We were all generally conservatives who were running but i think people felt comfortable with me .
They wanted a chairman who could be both an effective spokesman to articulate our message and a nuts and bolts organizational leader like we had when ray bliss was chairman .
And i think people voted for me because they thought i could do that and not because they were trying to vote against somebody else .
These were all good candidates good people who have a lot to contribute .
Are you uncomfortable with the role of the christian coalition in the party the role of conservative activists .
Does that bother you .
Do you think it is a problem for the future of the republican party .
You know i come from the bible belt .
I come from mississippi .
That's where i live .
As you said i live in <unk> city mississippi .
Conservative christians are very active in our party down there .
They're a big part of our base .
They're an asset to our party .
I think the same is true all over the country .
People do get concerned whether it's the christian coalition or any other group if there is an impression that somebody is trying to take over the party to exclude people .
We don't need takeovers or purges .
But i don't want to exclude anybody the christian coalition or conservative christians or whatever you want to call the group .
That is a big asset to our party .
They need to be welcome under our big tent .
They are welcome under our big tent and they do a lot for us .
Mr. chairman you were supported by the most liberal elements in the republican national committee who are not all that element but the who are not all that liberal but they were there .
What commitments did you make to have people like <unk> <unk> of pennsylvania support you .
What promise did you make them that you who has a reputation deserved or not as a conservative to get that kind of support .
Well of course i am a conservative bob .
And i think <unk> <unk> and a lot of other people who don't agree with me on every issue supported me because they felt comfortable with me that i'm an <unk> that i recognize that our party's a coalition that it is a broad mainstream party it's generally a conservative party and that i reach out to the people that don't agree with me on everything .
<unk> and i have always gotten along on the committee and she's always treated me fairly and i've always treated her fairly .
When i was at the white house with president reagan republicans all across the spectrum found that i knew my job was to try to help them get elected to make our party stronger and to make ronald reagan stronger .
And i think that experience with me is what led people who are maybe not as conservative as i to vote for me .
Mr. chairman i want to try to get from you what you consider your toughest problem in putting back or creating a party that can win elections in nineteen ninety four and nineteen ninety six .
I'm going to do it this way you have said the republican party must return to its principles implying that under bush it lost its principles .
One of your major figures in the party pat buchanan has said that the g. o. p. base today is rock solid .
Now explain that contradiction or conflict and where you want to take the party .
Well you know i don't know that there exactly what pat said or whether that is a contradiction .
I believe this is the case that the people who voted for us in nineteen eighty and eighty four and eighty eight didn't change their minds after the nineteen eighty eight election about the conservative views they had about government .
It was by nineteen ninety two they weren't sure that we still believed in what they'd voted for in eighty and eighty four and eighty eight .
And i think what we have to do is we have to demonstrate to the american people and project our principles so that we regain our position in this country as a party of principle and a party of ideas .
And i think we lost that during between eighty eight and ninety two .
I can't say that it was because maybe we'd been in office too long .
Maybe we didn't have fresh ideas .
Maybe the democratic congress did everything they could do to thwart george bush .
Maybe all of those things are true .
Nothing i can do about that and finger pointing doesn't make doesn't do anybody any good .
But i do know this people need to know over the next two to and four years what we republicans stand for what we believe in and we need to emphasize the principles that unite us so that people in nineteen ninety four when we have these elections are like they were in nineteen eighty four and say well i know what a republican is i know what they want to do i know where they want to take the government .
That's the biggest challenge we've got .
Mr. chairman the question of gay rights is a very hot one today in washington in the military and in this country .
It's probably the top social issue going right now .
Pat buchanan again to quote him after saying that the party base is rock solid he says that gay rights are anti biblical and amoral .
Do you agree with that .
Well i didn't hear exactly what pat said because .
That's what he said .
I've been out here i've been trying to .
Anti biblical and amoral .
Get eighty three votes .
I think that .
In a piece in the wall street journal .
I think most americans absolutely recognize that this is not should not be foisted on the american people as an acceptable alternative lifestyle that it's like being <unk> or something .
And i think if that the republican party has to stand for the proposition that we're not going to let bill clinton go out and make a payoff to a special interest group without any consideration for national security without any consideration for the effectiveness or order in the military in the face of the advice the experienced advice .
Yeah .
Of the joint chiefs of staff .
I think the republican party's going to support the joint chiefs of staff's position .
I respect it and i think it's right .
So mr. chairman you're saying this has become a major issue between the parties or at least between the republican party and the clinton white house and this is going to be this is going to continue to be one of the great social issues going into the next two years as you try to reform the republican party .
Is that correct .
<unk> i would say this has become a great issue between the american people versus the clinton white house .
Now what its duration will be and how i would describe it as great and all these other things i just don't tend to characterize things that way .
But i think right now the american people think that the position president clinton's taken is not the right position that it's out of step with what ought to be done that it's bad for the military and they're opposed to it .
And i think republicans are as usual in tune with the thinking of the average american .
Mr. barbour are you afraid of your party being called the party of intolerance .
Because i know a lot of your colleagues and some members of the national committee are .
I am afraid of any time our party appears to be intolerant of diversity .
We're a diverse party .
If you .
So you could get in trouble .
I'm not afraid of the names people call me .
You can call me anything you want to .
What i am afraid of is if the american people get the impression that we're not an inclusive party .
So this gay .
We have to make .
This gay issue could be a dangerous issue for you then .
Well if you stand for your principles and make sure that you don't come across as intolerant but that you're being for what is right and what you believe in then i'm not worried about it .
I think that you have to be for what's right but at the same time not beat people over the head with it that people who don't agree with me on an issue as long as they're generally in tune with the republican position they're fine .
Ronald reagan used to say when i was at the white house a fellow who agrees with you eighty percent of the time is your friend and ally he's not some twenty percent traitor .
And i think we as a as party leaders we have to think like that .
I'm not trying to be the head of a special interest group .
I'm going to be the chairman of a political party and it's diverse .
Mr. chairman one of your opponents a member of the national committee told me on friday that you were you probably the edge that gave you the victory was probably the support by the political consultants who are afraid that under abraham they would be cut off the payroll .
What is your policy going to be on hiring political consultants at the republican national committee .
Well my policy is that generally we will not hire political consultants .
We're certainly going to do away with the idea that there can be <unk> in perpetuity where people were just hired on an open ended bases .
Sometimes it's not in the best interest of the party or any other business to hire staff and to pay for infrastructure to do a project that it's cheaper more effective and more efficient to contract it out .
When we do that and we will do it sometime we're not going to get in the polling business and we're not going to get in the printing business or the production of materials business like brochures and that sort of stuff .
So .
And we're going to contract that out and when we do we're going to do it on a bid basis an <unk> basis .
We're going to have fewer consultants but we will have some consultants because there are going to be certain things .
So .
That we're just not going to spend the money to do ourselves .
So mr. chairman you agree with bob dole who considers himself today the number one republican in the country and he may be correct that you should be a nuts and bolts chairman period and you shouldn't run around criticizing senators members of congress about their votes on bills and about their political positions .
Am i right in that .
<unk> i think i said earlier in the show that i think the reason i got elected chairman is that committee members saw me as able to be both a nuts and bolts organizational leader and an effective spokesman for the party .
I think that's the chairman's job to do both .
I don't think the chairman of the r. n. c. is the head of the shadow government the shadow would be the shadow prime minister .
Well can i ask you this sir .
Will you ever .
Sure .
Criticize a republican senator as dole says you should not .
Well of course we're going to do what's best in the best interest of the party .
Sometimes legislative decisions may have to be made where the best legislative decision is to try to work out a compromise but that may not be what the republican party wants and i'm going to be talking about what the republican party wants .
You know one thing we learned in the bush administration president bush was hurt so many times by compromising with congress .
I guess sometimes it was necessary but politically compromising with this congress is like paying the <unk> to eat you last .
I didn't get the .
And that's not something i'm going to do very much .
I didn't get the answer on that .
That means you will criticize a republican sometime if it's necessary .
I think we will criticize bad decisions by the government and sometimes republicans may be supporting that .
We're not going to go out and pick out republicans to criticize but if the clinton administration does something that we think is bad policy even if some republicans support it that's not going to stop me from criticizing and talking about what the republicans are for .
Mr. chairman we've got we have to take a break .
We have to take a break for messages and when we come back it will be with the big question for the new republican national chairman .
Mr. chairman the big question .
The washington post this morning treated your election in a i thought a rather curious way .
The headline was lobbyist elected g. o. p. national chairman .
Will you tell us now that when your term ends probably in four years that you will not return to the lobbyist trade .
<unk> i don't know what i'll do at the end of four years .
Hopefully we'll have a republican president in the white house at the end of four years because that's my job to win elections in ninety three ninety four ninety five and ninety six .
But as you know on my election i'll be selling having been elected i'll be selling my interest in my law firm to my partners .
I'll <unk> my relationship with it .
I won't have any ties to it business ties to it at all or financial ties .
So i don't know what i'll be doing at the end of ninety six .
In other words you don't feel that the ethics rule that president clinton has put in for ron brown as secretary of commerce that he cannot lobby for four years after his office that doesn't apply to the chairman of the republican national committee .
Of course ron brown when he was chairman of the democratic national committee practiced law the whole time .
He never stopped .
I thought that was inappropriate and that's why i'm not going to practice law as chairman of the r. n. c. .
But should .
But it is different working .
But should the ethics .
Than working for the federal government .
So you may go back to lobbying in other words .
I may .
I may go back to <unk> city to practice law .
I may i don't know what i'll do .
Hopefully we'll have a republican administration and maybe i'll get a chance to participate in it just like bill brock did .
Just quickly most of the last committee meeting was held behind closed doors secret ballots .
Are you going to continue that closed door type of activity as national chairman .
Well i think there'll be both some closed and some open press stuff .
I think it's good for the party when we talk strategy to talk personnel that sort of stuff that it be behind closed doors .
I think it's only fair .
It's stupid to telegraph to the democrats what we're going to be doing .
Mr. chairman .
Our <unk> to win elections and .
Two seconds .
Two seconds .
Will you bring in congressional district representation on the national committee .
No sir .
O. k. .
We're a federation of state parties .
Thank you very .
And .
Thank you very much haley barbour .
Congratulations on your election .
My partner and i will be back with some comments after these messages .
Bob i think we heard a war cry for the new chairman of the republican national committee .
Gays in the military .
Absolutely not .
He said we're going to have to look at this issue very very carefully .
He said it's a matter of clinton versus the republican party it's clinton versus the whole country on this issue .
<unk> haley barbour <unk> the issue of abortion .
He <unk> the whole question of the christian coalition and the right wing of the republican party .
He certainly didn't want to follow the very contentious line taken by rich bond .
He wants to bring the party together .
He doesn't want to throw out ultimatums to the right wing .
But you know i was surprised bob he did not finesse my question about bob dole .
He indicated very strongly that as chairman he is going to take positions and he is going to carry his fight if necessary to the republican minority in the congress and assert the party's position .
I hope bob dole heard that .
Mr. barbour has been in politics all his life .
He is undoubtedly the most <unk> national chairman the republicans ever had as far as going on television goes .
And when you're on a <unk> when you're out of power that is a major asset for a national chairman .
I'm robert novak .
