The latest on the iraq situation as it continues now .
C. n. n.'s jamie <unk> at the pentagon .
Jamie .
Reid we've just received an extensive briefing on some of the damage assessment from senior defense and military officials here at the pentagon .
A lot of information was given out .
If there was a headline out of this briefing it was that u. s. officials confirmed that the damage to the al rasheed hotel was in fact caused by a u. s. cruise missile that was downed apparently by anti aircraft fire .
However they say the <unk> warhead did not arm itself and they say the damaged was caused by what's called kinetic impact .
That is simply the force of the missile hitting the ground outside the hotel .
Had the warhead gone off they say there would have been much less left of that hotel .
Again they say that that was a cruise missile that was knocked off course and knocked down by iraqi anti aircraft fire a senior military official saying we regret the loss of life .
As for the effectiveness of these cruise missiles which we were told have pinpoint accuracy the pentagon said they were very pleased with the outcome .
Forty five missiles were fired all together thirty seven hit their targets which was a nuclear weapons nuclear fabrication excuse me facility just southeast of baghdad the <unk> facility .
Of those thirty seven that hit the target they were aimed at seven buildings in the complex .
All seven buildings were hit .
Four were destroyed .
Two suffered severe damage .
One was moderately damaged .
Of the missiles that didn't hit their target three fell short within the complex hitting the ground inside the complex but not on target three fell short just short of the complex in an apple orchard just outside one was destroyed and fell into the sea and as we reported before one actually was knocked out of the sky and hit the al rasheed hotel .
The other targets that were part of the raids early this morning were targets in the south .
Those were targets that had been missed in wednesday's raids .
Three air defense separate targets for air defense systems were all hit .
These were fixed targets basically bunkers and radars .
They were hit and they say u. s. pentagon officials say that now the air defense in southern iraq is out of commission .
However the s. a. three mobile missiles that were part of the target list were not hit simply because they were on the move at the time the u. s. planned to hit them .
That's why navy planes were kept on the carrier kitty hawk .
The decision was made not to go after those missiles since they were moving therefore making them harder targets and also meaning they were not operational at the time .
A military official said the u. s. could go back at any time it wanted to get them once they became operational again or if they became operational again .
Some other details from this morning's raid we learned that a u. s. f. fifteen apparently shot down a mig twenty five firing two air to air missiles at it from quite a distance away although they haven't confirmed that kill as they call it but they do say they believe they shot that mig twenty five down .
And the earlier controversy the early shootdown of an f. sixteen shooting down a mig twenty three we're now told that actually that was a mig twenty nine .
They have corrected that .
As for the collateral damage they say despite claims by iraq of collateral damage both in the northern and southern no fly zones there was none with the exception of course of the cruise missile that impacted outside the al rasheed hotel .
And of course on wednesday's raid there was an <unk> bomb .
Apparently a pilot locked on to the wrong target and hit a house .
We're told now that that was a one story house a residence that was near an agricultural area just about a mile from the intended target and civilians were killed in that incident as well .
That's the latest from here at the pentagon .
