There are a number of candidates who are making the president an issue in their campaign ads .
C. n. n.'s bruce morton explains in today's ads in the spotlight segment .
Joe <unk> votes to increase taxes and fees over forty times .
This is nineteen ninety four's hottest ad the morph short for metamorphosis in which your democratic opponent turns into bill clinton .
The politically correct say it's not right to talk about morals and family values .
President clinton becomes congressman mike synar who lost his primary .
Senate candidate dave mccurdy and the president morph .
Republicans figure to associate someone with clinton and you've got him beat .
I mean when you would rather sort of be seen like with a topless dancer than with your president this is not considered sort of a very good sign of which way the tide is flowing here .
Jim sasser has spent the last eighteen years in washington .
If you don't like <unk> try mountain .
Rushmore and the galaxy of democratic villains .
If you lie loud enough and long enough .
In pennsylvania the republican attacked by <unk> campaign consultant james carville who worked for clinton .
What's an incumbent democrat to do .
They've got to stress their own records and their own achievements .
They need to focus on how they have succeeded .
Independence is the word .
My campaign is dedicated to oklahoma values and faith in the american dream .
I ask oklahomans to vote for me because of my independence and experience in fighting for what's right .
If there's one unifying theme that's out there it is crime .
I woke up to the doorknob turning and a guy had broken into our house .
She was awakened by a man standing over her bed with a knife in his hand and ski mask over his face .
Keeping violent criminals in jail hasn't been a priority in georgia .
If guy <unk> were governor it would be .
Both parties campaign as tough on crime .
It's easier for democrats now because the crime bill passed .
The death penalty plays in some states .
Jim edgar supports the death penalty .
Dawn clark <unk> opposes it .
In fact last week <unk> said that if elected governor she would sign legislation to abolish the death penalty .
There's a more negative tone to the ads .
I think in part that's due to the mood of the country .
There's a lot of cynicism in the nation right now .
Sometimes candidates in trouble go negative .
Edward kennedy in a close race with mitt romney is using negative ads for the first time ever .
I don't like <unk> creating jobs 'cause he took everyone of them away .
One more theme family values .
This is bipartisan .
Republican oliver north put his wife on camera .
I want to tell you about a special man .
He's a father who loves his children and a patriot who fought for his country .
Democrat jim cooper went to church .
The values i learned here as important today as when this church was built .
Everyone agrees political ads have gone high tech .
Consultant <unk> says just like ads for nike .
But you still need a message and it will be november before we know what worked .
Bruce morton c. n. n. washington .
