Well blockbuster shareholders today approved the company's merger with viacom viacom shareholders also endorsing the eight dollar billion deal which adds the video rental giant to viacom's growing entertainment empire .
Joining me now to discuss their thoughts about the future of the new media power that they lead in an ever changing climate viacom's chairman sumner redstone and chief executive officer frank <unk> .
Gentlemen good to have you with us .
Well i think the first thing to say is congratulations .
It seems like i've been saying that a lot to you gentlemen .
Well we've only been here four times in the last year or so .
Well and that shows everyone just how busy you've been .
You don't need any reminders .
Shows how important your program is .
Well thank you very much sumner and i hate to think about the endorsement fee we're going to have to pay for that .
But over the past year everyone talked about your ambitions and a lot of people were talking about they were probably excessive ambitions .
First really in terms of paramount that deal you seemingly sailed through by comparison to blockbuster .
Blockbuster looked like it wasn't going to happen .
Yes it did .
What made it happen .
Well i think we made it happen .
We've had really a singular vision in since we acquired viacom as you will remember that wasn't easy .
It was a relentless battle .
The fight for paramount was a relentless battle and we relentlessly refused to let the blockbuster merger die because our vision was to create the single unparalleled global media powerhouse in the world and we did it .
With that modest goal in mind the idea that a lot of people were expressing was that paramount yes blockbuster no .
Wayne <unk> expressing reservations that actually you on this program the last time we talked said you didn't care whether really effectively .
Number .
I remember what i said .
You asked me a question and i said can i waffle .
You <unk> very well .
But how critical is the blockbuster component to the powerhouse that you've created .
It's not critical in the sense that we would have been in any dire straits without it but on the other hand it's a terrific franchise .
I mean it's unique in that it's got just over you know four thousand stores on a worldwide basis .
You know it's the dominant retailer .
It's got great growth .
Add to that sort of artifacts in the largest customer of hollywood the largest customer of the record labels great management still tremendous growth ahead of them and when you put our existing balance sheet together which we were de leveraging with the garden sale we're talking about a cable sale with their balance sheet which was really quite strong you result in you know the combined balance sheet that gives us a lot of financial strength and flexibility if there's anything else to do going forward .
I might just add to that that with blockbuster we i think get something that no other media company has and that is direct access to the consumer on a retail level .
And that just provides us with one other way to drive the growth of our products whatever they may be whether it's movies television books games videos .
So we think that it allows us great strategic value to us other than the financial benefit to the company .
Well that that value is sheer dominance in its industry .
Yes it is .
You talk about going forward .
The deal that you've negotiated with apparently or negotiating with telecommunications t. c. i. in the sale of the cable systems that's the next step is that correct .
That's basically it's actually an affiliate of t. c. i. <unk> and we told them we were going to slow down during basically september assuming blockbuster was going to happen as it has and we will pick it up probably tomorrow .
But that deal is in rough justice pretty good shape .
We're also talking to him about some things in the pay t. v. arena as well as some additional relationships around our m. t. v. network in terms of distribution .
And obviously from their perspective this is no news they would like the anti trust suit put behind both of us .
And that's a component of those negotiations .
Exactly .
One thing we can certainly say is that one way or the other we made a commitment to sell three to four billion dollars worth of assets and that they wouldn't be strategic assets and we will do it .
And what do you see as the time frame in which that will all be closed .
Closing for cable systems are probably five to six months from signing .
Signing my guess is anywhere from thirty to ninety days if we stay on the pace we seem to be on .
Well the pace you have been on for the past year gentlemen it seems it seems remarkable by any standard but if you say you're going to keep that pace up .
Not a chance .
You've got a believer here .
It's impossible .
We could never keep up the pace of the last year .
We couldn't survive it .
Well frank was talking about going forward .
That's nothing by comparison to what we've been through .
Sure .
I mean you know seriously going forward for us i think is less a deal issue than a <unk> issue if you will .
I think we've been really extraordinarily fortunate with the speed and grace with which paramount was able to become part of the viacom family and now we're going to try and do it in the same similar style and with the same grace with blockbuster .
That is a lot to digest .
But as a matter of fact it's a much simpler job i think than what we have with paramount because with paramount you had so many diverse businesses that range from the studio to the parks to the publishing and so on and with blockbuster you have a pretty focused operation .
So i think the problems that we face in connection with integrating blockbuster are far less than those that we faced with paramount and we did move very decisively aggressively and i might say successfully in accomplishing that .
And relentlessly i think i would add .
Relentlessly and passionately and any other words you want .
See i'm paying attention frank .
Obviously .
Going forward .
You said it not necessarily deal structured but there have been reports and rumors that you also are taking a look at a network .
Not a chance .
Not a chance .
Not a chance .
The definite position of viacom .
Not at these prices .
I mean we are very happy with the fifth network that we're starting with chris craft .
And basically our goal i think is quite similar to as any software creator we want access to air time .
As the networks and the rules change and make more and more of their own your access to shelf space becomes more and more squeezed so you try to create your own shelf space if you will .
Cable networks it's hard to start them the economics are not the same .
So we believe in the network business but we're going at it in a sense to preserve our access for paramount television and viacom television and now spelling aaron spelling .
We think we can get there quite nicely with the united paramount network .
There's nothing wrong with the network in our mind it's just the prices being asked are a bit on the pricey side .
Well at those prices we'd be sellers .
We think we would not be rational to buy .
Well let me broker something here very quickly .
What is the margin here that we're talking about .
Well we'll find out .
Next time you're here with us .
Absolutely .
At this rate it will be soon .
We hope it is .
Again congratulations .
Thank you both .
Thank you very much for having with .
Always a pleasure .
Thanks .
Well coming up next here brace yourselves sports fans .
When moneyline continues new worries that pro hockey and pro basketball may be going the way of baseball .
