And so the president completes in forty five minutes his second formal news conference here in the east room of the white house having travelled most of the alphabet at least from bosnia through waco with a stop at stimulus right in the middle <unk> the question was raised did you underestimate the power of bob dole .
Let's find out about the power of bob dole .
The senate minority leader was listening to the president as he was speaking today .
He said sir he thought that he might get four defections presumably from your party before he got defeated in the stimulus plan .
Can you help him out on this .
Well he had four or five defections from his party i think that's where the defections came from .
I don't think we were never in danger of losing anybody on our side because we had constant contact with one another we were trying to resolve some of the concerns that some of the senators justifiably had to see if we could resolve it and could settle it in good faith but our view was that senator byrd sort of underscored last night he didn't he never mentioned the word compromise .
The democrats didn't want to compromise .
I think they got the result they wanted .
We saved the taxpayers a lot of money .
Now they can blame us if anything goes wrong .
Bosnia we're re assessing and the same situation prevails in that troubled balkan region .
Are you at one with the president on his current bosnian plan .
Well i think so .
I share the president's concern in bosnia .
I think the least we can do unilaterally is to lift the arms embargo .
I do i do think we should work with nato forces and nato countries before we start any unilateral air strikes but certainly i would support air strikes .
All right our senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer has been listening and he can now come in and join this conversation .
Wolf .
O. k. senator dole i was curious the president spoke at great length about his assessment how he's done so far during his first ninety or so days .
Next thursday will be day one hundred .
What's your assessment .
How has the president done so far .
Well i'll give him an e. for effort but i think beyond that we're going to reserve our final judgment until the one hundredth day .
I just think there have been too many things coming at us in the last one hundred days .
Every day is some kind of a new spending program or a new kind of a tax and i think the american people are a bit <unk> now about what president clinton really has in mind for them .
If he does go forward next week or in the days that follow with some sort of new policy towards bosnia lifting the arms embargo or perhaps even these air strikes would you support that .
And would congress go along with that kind of dramatic change in policy .
Well i can't speak for my party because i know this is not a party view but i would support the president in that effort .
I think the longer he waits the more difficult it becomes and it seems to me that we've waited too long .
We waited too long in the last administration let's don't wait too long in this administration .
Let me ask you this other question though in this whole connection with bosnia .
The pentagon seems to be real nervous about stepping up any kind of military involvement .
How do you get over that hurdle if general powell and other military planners say it's a bad idea simply going to draw the united states into a conflict that it shouldn't be involved in .
Well i think the big question is the pentagon policy is whether or not it's doable .
That's why we're in somalia it's doable .
But i think the big question in bosnia can we go in and do it .
Now we're not talking about injecting ground forces at least i'm not and neither is president clinton but it seems to me we have to make a fundamental judgment to either do something now or do it later when the serbs move into <unk> where you have two million albanians and where you have the potential there of dragging in other countries greece and turkey and macedonia bulgaria albania .
Sooner or later it's we're going to have to make some move so it would seem to me we need to send milosevic a message he cannot misunderstand .
Senator the circumstances of waco and the condition of your william sessions your party's nominee and director of the f. b. i. what do you believe the f. b. i.'s actions required in waco .
Were they correct and were those of the a. t. f. before them proper also .
Well you know monday morning quarterbacking is a pretty stable commodity around this town .
I'd rather wait until we had some objective hearings .
We're going to have the hearings both in the senate and finance committee which i'm a member and the judiciary committee .
I think we have some hard questions to ask the law enforcement agency why certain things were done why it was necessary in the final analysis to expose people who did lose their lives .
So but until that time i think we ought to withhold judgment .
We're getting a lot of calls i must say calls from my state raising critical questions about the federal bureau of investigation .
Mr. <unk> condition as director had already been imperiled somewhat by some other internal reports that were not too pleased with the actions of himself and his wife with respect to perks .
Do you believe that he should be should finally be oh should we say sacrificed on the altar of the branch davidians .
Well i don't believe so but again i'm not going to make that judgment .
President clinton said he's waiting on a recommendation from the justice department i assume janet reno the attorney general but beyond that i don't have any inside information .
I've read the stories i've read the allegations .
I've also read what mr. sessions had to say in response to that .
No visits with him but it seems i just feel on balance he's done a good job .
Senator dole the president says he's going to be out of town this weekend will not be participating in the demonstration on behalf of gay and lesbian rights .
Are you going to be out of town .
Do you think republicans should be involved in supporting what the president describes as an end of discrimination of these americans .
Well nobody wants discrimination republicans or democrats .
I think both the senate democrats and republican democrats are out of town not because of this but because of long planned conferences we have in wilmington delaware and the democrats are going to jamestown virginia so we'll be out of town but not because of this particular event .
Certainly we all <unk> discrimination but we may have differences on what discrimination is .
Is the president handling this issue properly in your opinion .
Is there more or less he should be doing .
Well that's a judgment call for him .
I think he's doing more than he should be doing and i think particularly when it comes to gays in the military i think he made a big mistake there .
That was one mistake he made in his first one hundred days .
But in any event he's made this judgment they were very supportive of him in the campaign contributed millions of dollars and they now have an audience with the president .
And again i don't suggest anybody should be discriminated against in america and if there are certain forms of discrimination that they suffer from i'd be happy to take an objective view of it .
Mr. dole it was said that the latest flap over the documentation that more americans might have been held p. o. w. than were admitted to by hanoi at least this has now drawn hanoi into a more forthcoming position .
They've given general <unk> some more documents .
How do you feel about this situation in which more documents seem yet to come .
Well in my view they always give us a little more when we get near the smoking gun and i wouldn't be in any hurry in fact i would oppose any normalization of relations with vietnam at this time .
I mean you know they've had fifteen to twenty years to give us documents and now they're doing it fifteen or twenty years later .
We've had families suffer for all that time not knowing what the precise facts were about their theirs sons or their husbands or their fathers brothers whatever and i certainly think it's not a time to discuss normalization or <unk> with north vietnam with vietnam at all .
What is the smoking gun .
Well i mean there's a smoking gun i don't know if the smoking <unk> a russian document or not but you know every time we get close to something that might or somebody reveals something that might have an adverse impact on normalizing relations then they come up with additional documents .
If they've got any more documents whatever they have ought to be made available to us so we can make a judgment made on everything not just wait for something else to happen and say oh by the way here's another document .
Maybe this will make you feel better .
Senator am i hearing some implied criticism of general <unk> who seems to suggest yes that document is authentic .
No no .
But the information it contains is inaccurate .
No my criticism is the vietnam north vietnamese .
I mean i think they gave general <unk> the document only after the russian document then uncovered so no i don't quarrel with general <unk> .
I think he's a president clinton said he's an outstanding american he's doing a great job public service right now i applaud him for it .
No i don't fault him i just fault the vietnamese .
What about the report that was released today by the pentagon on the tailhook investigation .
Your thoughts .
Is it time for the senior command in the navy and the marine corps to get to the bottom of this .
Are they going to get to the bottom of this .
Has there been a coverup .
I think they will get to the bottom of it now .
I think early on they did not and i think now they understand .
They're under great pressure and if they need nudging from congress it will come .
And at the appropriate time i would suggest the names should be released but i wouldn't release names prematurely and permanently damage somebody's reputation who may later be proven to be innocent .
Senator somewhere in this next one hundred days health care and how to pay for it has got to become i suppose one of the major issues .
Do you believe that the country can survive another go round as we did on the stimulus package .
And rate this coming war in comparison with the little dust up we've just had .
Well it was a little dust up i call it a bump in the road of this so called stimulus package but it the fundamental difference in our party philosophy president clinton likes deficit spending he likes taxes .
We don't think most american people agree with him and we think that's why his poll numbers are dropping and why people are saying now that in his economic plan sixty three percent say there are too many too many taxes .
Health care is going to be another thirty dollars to one hundred billion dollar package and i must say if you travel around the country as some of us have done there's a lot of nervousness out there .
People are not certain whether they ought to expand their business hire more people because they don't know where president clinton is going to take us take us as a country and take them in their business .
So i just think we ought to have a little slowdown a couple of forty hour weeks at the white house and give everybody time to catch their breath and the president time to focus on his priorities not every day have some new program that costs a half a billion dollars or some new tax like the value added tax floated around .
It does have an impact on the economy of this country .
Senator would it be helpful to combine what seems to be the burgeoning inquiries into waco into one hearing of some sort someplace .
That always makes sense .
It rarely happens but certainly yes we'd have one hearing instead of four or five or six we'll probably end up with before it's over .
One would be much better .
And does this become ultimately a political issue or does it become a moral national question .
I think it's a moral national it's not a political issue in the sense that somebody's trying to blame someone and that would be hard to do where you have democrats in congress investing a democratic you know administration .
If they did it like they did investigating republican administrations i would say it was political .
It's not going to be political when they're checking their own but we do deserve to have the hearing .
The american people need the answers and i think they'll come .
Senator robert dole of kansas the senate minority leader we thank you very much for your time and your opinions on what has been a press conference from the east room of the white house conducted by president bill clinton his second in this first one hundred days of his administration .
