Well family needs a top priority for corporate america these days .
More than one hundred companies this week teamed up to establish or expand child care and elder care programs .
Kitty pilgrim is here and has the story for us .
Kitty .
Lou only half of u. s. companies have child care referral services and only a fraction have elder care programs .
This is a benchmark program because it's the largest cooperative effort of its kind .
Companies that normally compete are teaming up to offer new child care and other family support programs .
I. b. m. american express a. t. and t. xerox <unk> exxon kodak allstate johnson and johnson motorola and the travelers among those involved in the largest private collaboration ever .
Employers now are facing a situation where they can't afford by themselves to produce the kinds of programs and services that they need to to attract and retain the best employees available .
One in four workers now need some kind of child care help .
And it is estimated in the next five years nearly forty percent of the work force will have to care for an elderly relative .
The government spent nearly forty million dollars last year to improve child care services but many government funds go to the programs of the underprivileged .
The twenty five million dollars being spent in this new private initiative directly impacts the work force community .
The funds will improve existing programs or build new ones when needed .
Employees will still pay child care fees but the program does increase the quality and availability of care .
We're not doing these things to be nice to accommodate people .
We're doing it because productivity presence of the work force competitiveness is eroded is literally sacked out of the work place if people are overly concerned about how to deal with their dependent care needs .
The companies involved say the program which is funded for the next two years is just a start .
The two career couple is now the dominant trend in the work force and nineteen million working women have children at grade school age or younger .
