Good morning .
It had all the drama that the first presidential debate did not .
The republican and democratic candidates for vice president <unk> it out on television last night while the independent candidate watched the brawl and commented on it .
C. n. n.'s mark leff has a report on the vice presidential debate .
With only one collective shot at a national audience and with a much more interactive format than the first presidential candidates' encounter the vice president and the men who want to replace him started by talking about their bosses and quickly moved to talking at each other .
You have not told us why bill clinton is qualified to be president of the united states .
I pointed out what he said about the persian gulf war .
But let me repeat it for you .
Here's what he said senator .
You know full well what .
Do you want me to answer your question .
I'm making a statement then you can answer it .
Can we give admiral stockdale a chance to come into this debate .
And again audience .
I let me but he said pal here's what he said .
If the vote i mean this is the persian gulf war the most important event in his political lifetime and here's what bill clinton said .
All right we've .
If it's a close vote i'd vote with the majority .
Right .
Let's give admiral stockdale a chance to come in .
But if but i agreed with the minority .
That qualifies you for being president of the united states .
I hope america is listening very closely to this debate tonight .
And i think america is seeing right now the reason this nation is in gridlock .
Stockdale the least known of the running mates talked as much about his own leadership qualities as the senior man in a vietnamese prisoner of war camp as about the man who heads his ticket .
In one of the few non domestic discussions gore challenged quayle to back up a statement the president had made in sunday's debate that the administration had eliminated russian intercontinental missiles and the fear of nuclear war through negotiation .
Isn't it a fact dan that every single one of those s. s. <unk> is still there in the silos .
And under the start i treaty only half of the silos are supposed to be dismantled and there is no deal to get rid of the other half .
Didn't the president make a mistake there .
Vice presidential quayle please .
The president does have a commitment from boris yeltsin to eliminate the s. s. <unk> .
That is a commitment to .
Is it an agreement .
It is a commitment and we .
Oh .
So .
Well let's let's talk let's talk let's talk about let's talk about .
Well he said his time .
Well let him talk senator .
Lighten up here al .
Quayle went on the offensive when the talk turned to the major <unk> different approaches to health care reform and letting people take time off to care for family members .
Pass our pass our family leave act and because it goes to small businesses where the major problem is .
Your proposal excluded small business .
That's the that's the problem .
Now let me talk about health care and i'm glad .
Did you require it .
I .
Did you require it .
My turn my turn .
It's my .
Did you require .
Lighten up al my turn .
It's a free discussion .
Take a breath al inhale .
Overall the debate mirrored themes of the campaign the arkansas governor's credibility the administration's track record and the federal government's gridlock .
The united states is in deep trouble .
We've got to have somebody that can get up there and bring out the fire hoses and get it stopped and that's what we're about in the perot campaign .
We are bigger than george bush has told us we are as a nation and we have a much brighter future .
Give us a chance .
With your help we'll change this country and we can't wait to get started .
The american people should demand that their president tell the truth .
Do you really believe do you really believe bill clinton will tell the truth .
And do you do you trust bill clinton to be your president .
The running mates now return to their other duties .
The principals pick up the argument again on thursday .
