Finally tonight your money your choice our weekly look at how the government chooses to spend some of your tax dollars .
It seems unlike old soldiers many old government programs neither die nor fade away .
Tonight a government program conceived nearly a century ago that just keeps going and going and going at a cost of five million dollars a year .
Here's a. b. c.'s john martin .
Ninety years ago during the spanish america war u. s. military leaders complained that young recruits were poor shots .
Congress rode to the rescue .
It created a <unk> program to train civilians to shoot better in case they were called to serve .
These days military recruits learn to shoot better in basic training .
But the civilian program is still being funded by congress .
The money goes to the army .
It doles out bullets to one thousand five hundred private gun clubs from five military depots .
This is one letter canning army depot in <unk> pennsylvania .
We wanted to show you the bullets .
After repeated requests to visit any of the five depots the army said no .
It said it knew we would exaggerate the size of the program .
We wanted to show you the gun clubs .
For weeks the army couldn't seem to come up with the names of the clubs .
Finally it sent us this list without any addresses .
It refuses to give any .
Take the shot and then just wait .
We tracked down marsha beasley who helps run the program .
She coaches the rifle team at the university of west virginia .
Under the program the army gives the school free bullets not for the team but for physical education classes .
The young people who participate in this program receive the benefits of learning safety learning self discipline developing self esteem learning responsibility .
The pentagon admits the program has no military value .
This fall some in congress tried to shoot it down .
There's not a member of this congress who could look a constituent in the eye and tell them i'm going to raise your taxes restrict your medicare eliminate your program but i'm finding the money to give free ammunition to young children .
This is a vital vital program .
It spends pennies to save millions to promote good character in young boys and girls when they grow up .
Congress followed solomon's wisdom .
It saved the program for another year .
The army runs it from this building in downtown washington with thirty civilians and a colonel .
No pictures here either .
So under a veil of visual secrecy worthy of wartime the army is issuing more than thirty million rounds of free ammunition in your name with five million dollars of your money .
John martin a. b. c. news washington .
And that's our report on world news tonight .
Later this evening day one .
I'm diane sawyer .
