The war on drugs .
It's supposed to punish those who bring dangerous narcotics onto america's streets .
As lawmakers race to join this war they talk tough about locking up criminals with longer sentences and no parole .
It's a practice called mandatory <unk> and it takes choices about punishment out of the hands of judges .
But as special assignment's ken bode learned while these laws are great politics they're not always the best policy .
We're <unk> our system .
I've seen younger and younger people come in with longer and longer sentences and it's not doing anything .
There's no rehabilitation this is punishment for <unk> sake .
Bill hart has spent five years in the federal prison at petersburg virginia .
A first time non violent offender sentenced to ten years for <unk> of cocaine with intent to distribute .
Hart was sentenced under a mandatory minimum law straight time no chance for parole .
I don't want anybody to feel sorry for me but how much is too much how far must we go .
It didn't take me even this five years to learn the lesson .
Mandatory <unk> sentences determined precisely and specifically by law no leeway from the judge and no parole .
These were passed by congress aimed mainly at drugs and firearms .
They were part of the war on crime of the nineteen eighties .
Now prosecutors police prison officials and federal judges are taking another look at mandatory <unk> .
Are they working .
Or have they created more problems than they've solved .
Crime was prominently on the public agenda in nineteen eighty six .
Basketball star len bias died of a cocaine overdose within ten miles of the capital .
The public furor created by his death set congress on a mandatory minimum binge .
We enacted one law after another each one tougher than the next so that the member could say i'm really tough on drug people .
Mandatory sentences part of this legislative binge have indeed been tough on drug offenders .
The number of inmates in federal prisons has doubled since nineteen eighty six .
Drug cases are driving that population explosion .
In fact sixty two per cent of all of the inmates in our federal prisons are there on drug related offenses .
And that's an astounding amount .
Thousands and thousands of those people should not be there at all .
The judge who's sentencing the prisoner had no discretion at all but to give this person a not less than three four five ten fifteen years .
More than half the inmates who are in federal prisons on drug charges are first offenders .
Many of them small fry in drug deals or marijuana growers or users .
All sentenced under laws requiring mandatory <unk> .
Some senior federal judges have refused to handle drug cases saying that their hands are tied by laws that are unfair costly and unproductive .
Another voice against mandatory <unk> is the nation's chief justice .
One consequence of these efforts has been the near transformation of some federal courts into what might be called national narcotics courts .
But senator phil gramm says mandatory <unk> have worked and congress should leave them alone .
I'm willing to build a prison cell for everybody who is out there trying to sell our children drugs everybody who has made it impossible for my own mother to walk around the block at night .
Senator gramm got his way so far .
