Coming up in this half of all things considered despite more violence in south africa's natal province some still talk peace .
A. n. c. members and rival zulus come together .
Also cairo illinois notorious during the civil rights struggle today black and white citizens fight together to save it .
That and more so stay tuned .
In south africa gunmen attacked a squatter community outside of durbin early this morning killing at least eleven people .
The killings in the natal province are believed to be part of the latest violence between the zulu national inkatha freedom party and rival zulus who support the a. n. c. .
There are fears of more political violence in the run up to next month's democratic elections but there also attempts to make peace .
Npr's ann cooper reports on one peacemaking effort in natal where a village quarrel has become a microcosm of the larger war between the zulus .
These two parties are are coming here to commit themselves point number one .
Peace negotiations are about to get under way in <unk> a tinderbox region in the <unk> green hills southwest of durbin .
Seated in the <unk> office are more than a dozen zulu men roughly half of them loyal to inkatha half to a. n. c. .
The magistrate a white man lends an aura of legality but in fact he is little more than a silent witness as the zulus grope their own way toward reconciliation .
The protagonists here are inkatha and a. n. c. partisans former neighbors who became sworn enemies when the fires of political war swept through their small village of <unk> in nineteen eighty nine .
More than a dozen people were killed in a town with only one hundred families and anyone sympathetic to the a. n. c. fled the <unk> superior inkatha forces .
Now even though their homes were burned to the ground the a. n. c. refugees want to return to <unk> .
Isaac <unk> a peace official who helped organize this meeting summarizes the <unk> case .
They say we have no homes .
We are not happy to stay in the in exile for the rest of our lives .
We have spent six years staying in the bush but we would like to get home .
<unk> plays an unusual role here .
He's a member of inkatha but he is also a negotiator on a local peace committee one of dozens set up throughout the country to try to play a neutral role in reducing political violence .
The peace committees are as powerless as the police to stop the larger war in natal but they can sometimes broker a halt in the endless spiral of village <unk> .
At this meeting the a. n. c. refugees from <unk> speak first .
The local zulu chief in their areas has given his blessing for them to return home .
But several inkatha men in the village have <unk> raising fears that anyone who does go back faces more violence .
When the inkatha partisans are questioned though each insists that he's been misunderstood .
One by one the inkatha zulus apologize and tell their a. n. c. rivals that they are welcome back home .
In exchange for these words the refugees agree to stop their blockade of local bus service .
The a. n. c. transport blockade has closed <unk> schools for months .
The traffic disruptions may be the real reason why the inkatha hardliners have relented today allowing the meeting to end with a peace agreement .
A local tribal official chops wood for a barbecue to celebrate <unk> new peace .
A butcher has donated a few slabs of beef .
As the men stand eating there's little give and take between the a. n. c. and inkatha partisans who brokered today's deal .
Still it is a rare day in natal when men whose factions once shot at each other can share a moment around a barbecue .
Today's agreement set no date for the return of the a. n. c. refugees to <unk> .
<unk> <unk> head of the local a. n. c. organization says he feels safe visiting the village during daylight but probably will wait a few months before he moves back to <unk> .
He says he is willing to go back but during the night he won't be happy .
What could happen at night .
He says he might die not knowing how it happened .
<unk> says the a. n. c. will not even attempt to campaign in the village for april's elections it's too dangerous with inkatha rivals still undecided about whether to boycott the balloting .
Those who do want to vote next month will have to go to another village one ruled by the a. n. c. in this violent region where even the smallest hamlets are segregated by politics .
