The senate deals with a turbulent week .
I'm rowland evans .
Robert novak and i will take a look at a turbulent week in the senate by questioning the republican leader .
He is senator robert dole of kansas .
This week the senate began an historic debate on the balanced <unk> amendment to the constitution with democrat pitted against democrat .
What we are doing to future generations with this burden that we're giving them that really is taxation without representation .
Not one thin dime in taxes does it raise nor does it cut one copper penny out of any program .
How easy .
Why hadn't i thought of it before .
My what a great idea this is .
But this was overshadowed by the exposure of a high level c. i. a. official spying for the russians .
As the co author of the russian aid bill last year and somebody who supports foreign aid as a general proposition i can tell you that i believe that the future of bipartisan support for foreign aid is clearly in doubt as it relates to russia .
Caught up in the furor was the nomination of strobe talbott as deputy secretary of state with thirty one votes cast against his confirmation .
Mr. talbott was soft on the former soviet union touting its legitimacy while <unk> this nation's legitimacy .
We're attending an economic conference in boca raton florida .
Senator dole since you and many of the republicans talk about suspending aid to the russians how long would you suspend the aid because of this spy incident .
Well i think we made a little progress with the president expelling at least one russian .
He should have done <unk> immediately .
But i think we need to you know reassess our relations with boris yeltsin and with russia .
I think we've given russia through strobe talbott here too much leeway .
They decide what our policy is in bosnia .
They decide who can join nato .
You know my view is we want to support yeltsin but i think we ought to suspend it for a while so they'll understand how serious this spying charge is .
Well what do they have to do to get the aid back if your policy was followed .
Because <unk> the aide was kicked out .
They we had asked them to the russians to pull him back voluntarily .
They refused .
Do you think their reaction has been adequate to the amount to the offense .
Number .
And i think probably more ought to be expelled and i think there ought you know there are number of our agents there who were executed tried and executed over the years .
We don't know how many for certain .
But i think it's a very serious breach probably the most serious breach in a long long time right in the c. i. a. .
So it's very very important .
And i'll tell you the american people don't understand why we give aid on the one hand and allow this to happen on the other .
They thought we had a new relationship .
Now unless boris yeltsin didn't know this was happening then i think well we just suspend the aid for a while and see what happens .
It's not going to make that much difference but i think it would send at least a strong message .
What about the argument that you hear coming from moscow and now you hear coming from washington that we have a lot of agents in russia .
We're doing the same thing .
We can't really scream bloody murder over having that they had a very successful clone in the c. i. a. .
Well i think .
Mole in the c. i. a. i'm sorry .
We may be a bit naive ourselves .
There are probably you know i don't know how the c. i. a. how all this happened and he wasn't discovered .
Maybe there's something wrong with our oversight .
But the point is that he was on the inside .
It lasted over six years .
Who knows how many people were involved .
If they find one of ours o. k. they can take whatever action they want .
But this is a serious case that ought to be dealt with and it ought to be dealt with very quickly .
And i would hope that the president will continue to use not only mild protest but to try to find out what's happening and in the meantime suspend aid .
I know he doesn't want to .
He met this morning met just a day or two ago at the white house and they don't want to cut off aid .
They don't want to disrupt relations .
Again i think this may be mr. <unk> influence .
I'm going to get to mr. talbott in a minute .
But mr. leader be specific .
You said the president should expel more .
How many more .
Oh i don't know how many more .
How many may have had contact .
One .
I think it's up to him to make that judgment .
But you're not satisfied with this .
Well at least it's a modest start .
I think it's been called a modest start .
Even .
It's not enough .
But even then he waited to give the russians a chance to do it voluntarily .
So it's you know we don't want yeltsin to fail .
Don't misunderstand me .
But they've got to understand too that we have some interests and that we're going to preserve our interests first .
Now be specific on the aid sir if i may ask you .
How long should that suspension last .
I think it depends on what they do .
You know the president's saying well we can't do this because most of the aid is to dismantle all these warheads .
They haven't dismantled a single warhead yet .
So i don't only about one tenth of that money has been spent and not a single <unk> been dismantled .
But so you don't have a time frame on spending it .
I don't have a time frame .
Now on strobe talbott it was amazing to me and i've been watching this in washington for forty five fifty years .
I have never seen anything like thirty one votes against somebody for basically a nonpartisan position like deputy secretary of state .
What is the matter with strobe talbott .
Is this just rank partisanship on the part of the republicans .
I don't believe so .
I don't believe so .
In fact i think i said in my statement i first thought i'd vote for him in trying to send a message .
Then i think i thought i'd vote against him to send a message that maybe he's had enough promotions .
If he should be elevated one more time he'd be secretary of state .
And i don't think he might get the votes .
I'm not certain they could shut off a filibuster in that event because some people who voted for his nomination said oh well if he goes any higher then we'll take a look .
And i think it's because of his writings his attitude over the past twenty years .
He sided with the doves all through the cold war .
He criticized ronald reagan .
And then after you know all these policies paid off getting tough building up our defense then he said the doves had been right the last twenty years .
Well specifically mr. leader would you say this was a shot across bill clinton's bow bearing the message do not nominate this man for secretary of state because he won't be confirmed .
I think it ought to be a pretty clear message .
I don't know what he has in mind .
I understand i was at the white house this past week and they said it didn't start there .
There wasn't any rumors at the white house about him going up .
But .
Well they're all over town .
Well they're all they're at least on the hill .
Senator dole you know the senior officials at the state department feel this was pure partisanship .
Really .
Yes .
Have you heard that from them .
Have they said that to you .
Number .
In fact we got <unk> calls .
They thought they had about ten votes against him .
And i must say i think our policy luncheon maybe stirred up another fifteen or twenty .
We've let most of clinton's nominees go through .
Maybe we haven't fought as hard as we should .
But we want to send a message .
Again it's on i think on the russian policy too because strobe <unk> been always the one over all the years be nice to russia .
Be nice to russia .
Be nice to russia .
Well we've been very nice to russia .
In fact we've let them in effect veto some of the things we wanted to do this past year .
And we think it's mr. <unk> influence on expanding nato for example on bosnia on their relationship with the serbs .
So it's not partisanship but i hope it sent a strong message .
Do you think that it is thanks to the russian intervention that we don't have american airmen tonight today flying in harm's way in bosnia that they have prevented it .
I'm not certain it's thanks to the russians .
I think they moved in again to give the advantage to the serbs .
And the serbs certainly have the advantage .
You know they didn't have to turn their guns in .
They removed them somewhere else .
They can use their guns somewhere else while the muslims had to turn theirs in .
So i think there's a close connection obviously between russia and the serbs has been for a long long time .
But again i don't know when the russians intend to leave what they intend to do .
It may be helpful in the process .
I don't know at this point .
Do you .
On the question i'm sorry .
All right .
On the question of bosnia secretary christopher is talking about sending still if there is a deal made sending twenty five thousand american troops or a similar number to bosnia .
Would you support that if it comes through .
To keep the peace .
To keep the peace .
Would you support that .
You're talking peacekeepers peacemakers .
These are peacekeepers right .
They're going to .
Peacekeepers .
Peace is going to be made .
Well it depends on the peace .
If we have this federation you know with croatia and bosnia that might make it you know a more viable state .
If that happens it might be .
But it's going to be it's pretty we told the prime minister silajdzic just a few days ago that many of the republicans who've been supporting him even on airstrikes lifting the arms embargo were a little queasy about sending american troops there even after a peace agreement's signed if it's one that's imposed on bosnia .
Well if he comes to you mr. leader as he said he will for authority to send peacekeeping troops would the senate and the house approve of that do you think as of today .
What would your .
Not as of today .
I think the president .
They would not .
The president's got to understand he's the commander in chief and he's got to prepare the american people and he's got to go to the american people before congress will support him .
Yeah but he can't do that without your approval .
Can he or can't he .
He could .
But if i were him i wouldn't do it without congress .
So he wouldn't .
Now there's a dirty rumor around town that the russians stepped into bosnia for many reasons one of which was to establish their credentials as peacekeepers and that they want that <unk> to use over the whole area of the former soviet union .
Would you approve or should the united states approve russia being in effect a u. n. agent for peacekeeping in the former soviet union .
I wouldn't think so .
And again i think this again i wouldn't lay it directly at strobe <unk> feet but he's talked about some of the you know georgia wherever it might be that maybe that that maybe russia had a right or an interest and should be able to proceed with that .
But i don't think so .
You think that yeltsin has this in mind that he wants .
I don't know .
To get us out of his hair in reestablishing the russian empire the empire without communism .
I know the i don't know that .
I don't know the answer .
I don't know what yeltsin has .
He has so many problems .
Every day he's got a new one .
And it seems to me that that's the last thing he needs to be looking at .
He has troops now in bosnia so we'll see what happens .
On friday there was a horrible incident where an israeli committed a massacre in a mosque in the occupied territories heavy one of the heaviest death tolls ever .
Do you think that this is going to seriously endanger the p. l. o. israeli peace negotiations .
No doubt it's certainly going to cause a lot of problems but i want to give president clinton credit here for moving very quickly in inviting rabin and arafat to come to washington .
I think that was the right thing to do .
It shows what happens when we have u. s. leadership .
And that may prevent it .
It may in fact this tragic incident may spur peace .
We don't know yet but it's certainly something that i think the next thing is going to be trying to disarm the settlers and all that .
I was just going to ask you .
The p. l. o. is demanding that the settlers be disarmed .
What do you think of that .
I don't think it's going to happen .
Are you in favor of it .
I'm not certain .
I think the p. l. o. has committed some atrocities too .
So i think we have to sort of even i think what we need what i would suggest what this has done just like what happened february fifth in sarajevo when you had sixty seven innocent people killed it may spur the effort to get the mideast peace thing done .
Do you think it's possible to have peace there in the west bank with all those settlements left intact senator .
It's going to be very difficult .
Would you say that the united states should lend its weight toward reducing helping persuade israel to reduce some of those settlements .
Well i would say that yes .
But again that's going to be up to president clinton .
I think the fact that they're coming to washington going to provide some u. s. leadership hopefully some counsel we've got to get bring this thing to a conclusion .
I don't think it can drag on much longer or you're going to have more incidents like we had .
Are you saying that the president should have taken this lead months ago and brought those talks right here after the great celebration on the white house lawn september thirteenth .
I don't want to second guess the president .
Well no second guess him .
Number .
I think they've been making certain overtures there .
They've been trying to keep it together .
But this is certainly the right thing to do .
Put it that way .
Senator dole the debate in the senate on the constitutional amendment to balance the budget looks like it's going to end up in another defeat for the constitutional amendment failure to get the necessary two thirds majority .
Is that your assessment .
It's very close .
What would you guess .
But i think what's happened here the democrats you know what they they're going to offer an alternative so everybody like senator feinstein and senator reid and others can vote for their substitute and vote against the simon craig amendment .
So i think they've got it worked out so that we're probably going to lose .
Do you think there's any chance that this is ever going to be passed .
I mean this has been going on for twenty years that i know of .
And it never gets anywhere .
It'll pass when the republicans take over the senate in nineteen ninety five .
Do you have any misgivings that senator paul simon democrat of illinois the sponsor of it is a sponsor of so much additional spending legislation and you say how do you have a balanced budget .
Well you get more revenue .
You get more taxes .
I think he was listed as the third highest spender here in some survey last it bothers me some .
In fact what bothers me even more i offered an amendment to pay for the earthquake .
We wanted to help the earthquake victims in california .
Why not pay for it .
I got forty three votes .
A lot of the people who voted against me are going to vote for the balanced budget amendment .
So there is a little i don't suggest senator simon because he's really made a commitment to do this but there are some there who i think are .
But it might mean higher taxes won't it .
It could mean higher taxes .
How do you feel about that .
We don't have the tax limit .
That's one thing that's missing in this .
We don't have the sixty votes for taxes .
You could still have a tax increase with fifty one votes .
Senator i want to go back for one moment to the overall foreign policy question with this president .
There's been a lot of criticism of him .
You have said you said on meet the press two weeks ago i'm trying to support him .
Do you think that the president is vulnerable on the whole post cold war policy toward russia and europe .
Well in my view i think he is .
And i think you're seeing more republican i don't say attacks but more republican criticism .
You look at north korea you know we've been <unk> around there for a long time .
They talk about inspections .
They won't let us inspect two sites .
We don't know if they have the bomb or not .
We're talking about you know more carrots for north korea .
Whether it's bosnia whether it's the mideast whether it's haiti whether it's somalia there isn't any cohesive foreign policy .
What mark do you give the president a b. c. d. or e. .
On foreign policy .
Yes sir .
About a c. minus .
Haven't you been awfully partisan senator this year .
I mean .
I don't think so .
When you criticize him on foreign policy is that do you have a problem for the image of the party taking that position .
I don't believe so because we've been very supportive .
We helped the president on bosnia .
In fact i supported what he said in his campaign .
I even went as far as airstrikes .
Some of my colleagues don't do that .
Senator helms who was on your program said i think bob might be making a mistake .
So i was out there on a limb supporting the president on lifting the arms embargo trying to help him .
We helped him with somalia .
We worked out a compromise .
We can't help much in haiti because so i think overall foreign policy should be nonpartisan .
We're going to take a break .
Do you have any recommendations to the president for naming a vacancy on the federal reserve board maybe two <unk> on the federal reserve board .
Do you have any recommendations for him .
Well i think blinder is in line for one .
I hope the other one would be filled with a black or an hispanic and there are some good people out there .
Have you got a name .
Well a fellow named bob wilson looks pretty good .
Senator we have to take a break .
And when we come back with the senate minority leader we will have the big question for bob dole .
The big question for senator dole .
Everybody says clinton's health reform program as written is finished .
He says it's all negotiable gentlemen .
All i insist on universal coverage .
Will he get universal coverage .
Well he may get a goal of universal coverage .
That would you might meet it if you could save the money .
But the wheels are coming off the wagon on the clinton health care plan .
And i'll make a prediction i know you make predictions on this program .
Yeah very much so .
Mandatory alliances are dead employer mandates are dead and price controls are dead .
Now those three are sort of the <unk> of his whole program and i don't think they have enough votes even among democrats to pass any of those three .
Well when you were at the senate at white house for dinner with the president and hillary rodham clinton they asked all the republicans there if you would guarantee them universal coverage .
What did you say .
We said it would be a goal .
Universal coverage is a goal .
Is that a no .
That's how do you do it .
Well you don't do it by .
You can't do it if you .
You don't do it in the bill for the following year .
That's what you're saying .
It cannot be .
Well we don't do it for several years .
We don't do it in any of our bills until we save the money .
You don't go out .
But clinton wants it right away .
They don't have it in hawaii and they've been trying for twenty years .
They only have ninety four percent coverage .
Will that satisfy the president what you said as a goal .
I think so .
You think it'll satisfy him .
I think so .
What would your date be .
We don't have a date .
We have to save the money first in the republican <unk> before we reach out and do some of these things .
But i think health care some bill will pass this year .
It won't look like the clinton bill .
He'll get credit for it .
That's the way it works .
Quickly .
We don't have much time senator .
If you there's a rumor around capitol hill there's going to be a dole moynihan bill democratic senator pat moynihan chairman of the finance committee .
True or false .
Well it's true there is a rumor .
Whether or not there'll be a bill i don't know .
We did put together social security in nineteen eighty three which .
Are you working on it with him .
Not yet .
But you know we still have a couple of months .
O. k. .
Thank you very much senator robert dole .
Thank you .
My partner and i will be back with some comments after these messages .
You know bob dole is going to hold the president's feet to the fire on this spy issue .
He wants more soviet diplomats russian diplomats expelled from new york and washington in this country .
And he says stop aid until we get a full explanation .
Hell will freeze over before we get that explanation from moscow .
Rowly i was struck by how tough senator dole was on the new deputy secretary of state strobe talbott .
He said that the thirty one votes against him for the confirmation was just not partisanship as the state department says .
And he made it clear that he is not going to permit a confirmation of talbott for the higher level of secretary of state .
You know bob he did praise believe it or not bill clinton for inviting arafat and rabin to washington to continue these talks after that terrible disaster in hebron when sixty seven or whatever it was seventy palestinians were killed .
But he did not say no to my question should we disarm the settlers so i think he'd like to see them lose their arms .
The senator was over at the white house for dinner with the president and mrs. clinton on health care .
The president wanted a commitment from him for universal coverage .
He said well universal coverage someplace down the line .
Senator dole said that will satisfy the president .
I'm not sure it will .
I'm robert novak .
