The economy may be taking a bit of a roller coaster ride and we better be prepared for it .
For every good sign it seems comes another beckoning caution .
Take today for example the commerce department reported that the gross domestic product registered its biggest jump in ten years seven point five percent an astounding rate .
But balance that with stock prices which continued their tumble today and reports that existing home sales and construction spending fell as well blamed in part on rising interest rates .
Meanwhile prices on the manufacturing level increased last month fueling inflation fears .
Well joining us from new york to help make some sense of the numbers and what they may mean for the nation's borrowers investors and savers is richard eisenberg assistant managing editor at money magazine .
Good to see you .
Thank you .
Let me start by asking you that bottom line question i suppose is that old inflation genie slithering out of the bottle .
I think there are some signs that it's starting to creep back a little .
You look at the commodity prices and they're beginning to inch up a little .
Such as .
Oh the prices for the raw materials .
But we're not seeing anything like the inflation that we saw in the late seventies or early eighties and i don't think that even alan greenspan expects that we'll see that .
He's just trying to nip it in the bud before it gets out of hand .
This growth that we saw last quarter some say it's huge and is leading to all these jitters of inflation do you agree with that .
I think they contribute to that but i do think that that is a blip and i don't think that we're going to see that kind of frenetic growth over the next quarter or quarter or next quarter .
There was a lot of pent up demand which i think has been taken into account .
A lot of people were shopping for christmas .
We've just come off a period of very bad weather in many parts of the country .
So people have been cutting back their spending a little bit .
All right let's cut to what this means for real people out there some of these numbers .
First for the <unk> to purchase cars or who are extended out on credit card debt or who are refinancing or purchasing a home and dealing with the mortgage market .
Advice for them is to try and lock in you best interest rate now rather than waiting over the next month or two or three because it looks as though rates are going to be going higher rather than lower .
Are you speaking of mortgage rates here .
Particularly mortgage rates .
If you're refinancing or buying a first mortgage .
Where are they about now .
Well for a thirty year fixed it's just over seven percent and for an adjustable rate mortgage it's a little over four percent .
And where do you look for them to be going .
I would expect the thirty year fixed rate going up closer to seven point five percent maybe even a little higher by the end of the year and the arm rate going up to four point five perhaps closer to five percent by the end of the year .
Now does that mean that existing home sales will slow down or any recovery in the housing market the price of homes will slow because of the pressure placed on demand by rising interest rates .
I think that's possible in some places although i think what's really going to happen right now is this will be creating sort of an urgency to get into the mortgage market to buy a house now before the rates go up so they'll probably be some good news coming for the real estate industry .
But then i think it will temper off .
What happens with credit card rates which are always so much higher than prevailing interest rates elsewhere .
They just don't seem to want to fall down .
They are still at about seventeen point five percent for the average card .
The advice there is you really can do much better than that .
You can get an eight percent credit card for a fee of about thirty five dollars .
You can pay a twelve percent interest rate and have no annual fee .
If you shop around you can do much better .
Now presumably rising interest rates would effect credit card interest rates right .
Well particularly the ones that have variable rates and that's what the trend has been in the past couple of years .
More and more cards are offering lower rates but they are pegged to rates so that if interest rates go up yours will too .
Now you said shop around for low rate credit cards how does someone go about doing that .
Well at the risk of being a little self serving money magazine has the best credit card rates in the country .
But a lot of local newspapers do that too it's not that hard to find .
Let me ask you next about investors .
We mentioned at the top of this that some of these statistics have led to jitters in the markets .
The stock market's been going down steadily now session after session really where do you see the stock market going .
Is there some sort of big correction out there .
I would say that the market looks like it may be taking more of a tumble over the next few months .
We at money magazine think that it's possible that the market could go down as much as fifteen percent by the summer over a period of time .
It's clearly anybody's guess what will happen .
That's our prediction it just might happen .
Now i've seen other people predict that there would be that tumble in the stock market but they also say that after that correction as you call it they think the bull market will continue and there will be more appreciation in the stock market .
Do you see that .
I think that's right and i think certainly over the long term the market is going to be a very good place to be .
But i think that's right by the end of the year it's likely that the stock market after going down a little will probably head back up because there are a lot of people who've been waiting to invest but they've felt the prices for stocks were too high .
How about those folks who are stuck in fixed interest rate instruments savings accounts c. d.s that have been paying two three four percent interests .
They're about the only ones who are going to be happy with rising interest rates because they'll be doing a little bit better .
Their c. d.s will be giving them a higher rate of return .
Or if they're putting money into the bank they'll get a little bit better yield .
So i would say if you're going to be putting money into a c. d. don't go into a long term five year c. d. yet because those rates will be going up .
In a few months you'll get an even better rate so stay short wait and then go long .
I. was <unk> to ask you about that .
You say in a few months over what period of time and where do you see some of these savings rates going .
No one really knows how much the fed is going to raise rates and over what period of time but it looks as though they're going to be doing it gradually over the next few months .
So i would think that over the next few months the rate on a five year c. d. instead of being five point six percent probably being closer to five percent .
So i'd probably want to wait until may or june before i put money into one of those c. d.s .
Richard finally here as we wrap up let me ask you to gaze into you crystal ball for a moment and try to tackle the toughest question .
It's a big question on the economy and that is jobs .
Where the job growth is going to be and whether real wages which have been falling and <unk> in this country for a while are going to start showing some growth .
I don't suspect that we're going to see much growth in real wages but i do think that overall the job market is going to continue to improve because as consumer confidence rises more businesses will be higher more .
I think that the kind of hiring that they'll be doing though will be largely temporary workers or workers whose benefits are not very good .
So while there may be more jobs they won't be as good as they were a few years ago .
