President clinton is offering federal help to families and businesses left <unk> by the swollen mississippi and national guard troops are now at work in the fight to help contain the raging waters .
It is the worst flooding in three decades along the <unk> river .
As shelters fill with evacuees farmland just keeps filling with more water and agriculture experts predict huge crop losses .
C. n. n.'s jeff flock has more on the mess facing residents of the midwest .
Jeff .
Well bobbie natalie it is indeed a mess here in hannibal missouri at least here along south main street .
We perhaps can see some of the water damage already we've got over here i don't know bruce if you can see that that's the american red cross who's now feeding some of the folks that have decided to stay and weather it out .
You can see this house this is mr. raymond <unk> who we talked to a little bit earlier today who has decided to stay on the second floor of his home .
I think you can quite clearly see that the first floor is pretty much <unk> and he has decided to stay .
He and his wife and his cat are upstairs there and they are getting provisions because obviously their power is out and they really have no other means of eating .
So that is the situation along here .
Let's take a spin on down south main street .
This is this is not normally something you can see from a boat .
The mississippi river is quite a ways on out .
<unk> come on over here .
We're trying to talk to some of the folks who live in and around this area and i want to talk to a few of them now .
What goes through your mind as you see all of this water where it shouldn't be .
Oh i think that the flood levees should have been run down they protected one part of the town left us open for this .
Our viewers should know that there is a flood levee that is protecting much of hannibal but this area is not .
Yes if they would just get us something down in here to where we don't have to go through this all the time .
You know i can stress the fact that we're all in jeopardy .
I mean we all need help down here .
Cause you're concerned about the water rising even more .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Absolutely .
And if that happens your house is right on the edge .
Is that right .
Yes it's only <unk> a few inches of comin' through my downstairs floors now and at the new crest it'll get it .
Yeah .
There's not really a whole lot i can do about it except wait until it's over and see what's wrong .
I understand .
We brought a few of the younger ones out here .
I know some of you folks that have lived along the river for a long time know what a river town is like and have dealt with floods before burt walker is a fellow who has probably seen his this is your first flood .
Yes .
What do you make of it .
Well i think if they would just build a levee like down to the this water wouldn't be here right now .
You think they should have built the levee bigger .
Yeah .
I mean it wouldn't have to be a big old steel plate all the way down there .
I think it should just be a little levee like goes all the way down for the water wouldn't be right here today .
Of course that costs a lot of money you know .
Yeah but well they're just <unk> that mark twain down there .
They don't want no water down there so we shouldn't have to have water up here .
Well that makes some since .
Okay burt .
Hey justin how bout you .
Here's another fellow who hasn't seen any big floods before .
What do you think of all this water .
I think it's just terrible .
I think .
Are you worried it's going to come into your house .
I'm very very worried .
How close is it to your house .
It's pretty close .
That's all i can say .
Okay justin i appreciate it very much .
Thank you .
Maybe you can see some of the businesses here along south main businesses homes there's a grain elevator on down the river and this is now according to the coast guard this is officially mississippi river so they have controlled traffic on it obviously no barge traffic in this area .
One man one captain who is out along it though is jack livingston who has been ferrying us around all day and we appreciate that .
Jack you've got a house that buts right up against the mississippi river right now not you're normally a quarter mile from the river but what do you make of it .
Well it's a lot of water comin' in and we don't know how much we're going to get but there's supposed to be more water comin' up you know and it's going to raise the sixth or seventh of july you know so .
In other words that's what they're telling you about the crest is that tomorrow or the next day .
Well the sixth or seventh you know so i don't know how much is coming .
They've got a lot of water in iowa and everything so it's going to be a month or so before we ever you know get out of here and this and that and the water's you know .
We got to put up with it .
There ain't much we can do about it .
You know .
You had a big flood in nineteen seventy three twenty years ago now and the water was up quickly but down quickly .
This what you're saying is based on what they're telling you this water will be here for a while .
Yeah .
It's going to be here for a while .
Not good news to you .
No no it's not .
<unk> i want to bring you back one second .
These homes that we're showing over here right now i believe we are these are some of your relatives here .
Yes my uncle has the corner house and his daughter has the house next to it .
They've all been run from their homes in the early morning hours last thursday .
They've lost all their belongings .
My uncle is disabled .
You know they don't have nothing left .
They were not able to get out get their belongings .
Obviously they got out but they were not able to get their belongings out quickly enough .
No we didn't go to bed until in the wee hours in the morning thursday and our land was dry and when we were awakened at about eight o'clock thursday morning our garage was already two and a half feet under water .
You just didn't have time to get in and get anything you know get the basic necessities and get out you know with your health and that's about all you can do when it comes up so fast like that .
Everything is ruined .
Understand .
Okay .
<unk> we thank you very much .
Jack appreciate it .
Guys we thank you .
This is what it looks like in south main street here in hannibal missouri right now .
We will continue to watch it .
There have been showers throughout the day and they are certainly hoping that there are not any severe rainfall here because that is just what they don't need here right now .
