From a. b. c. this is world news tonight with peter jennings .
Good evening .
We begin again tonight with president clinton's dilemma in somalia as the president put it today how to conclude america's mission there but do it with <unk> of purpose .
Translation how to get out of somalia without being driven out by the somali warlord general aidid .
Until the president decides how to conclude the american mission there with <unk> of purpose more american troops will be going there .
We have several reports first from the white house brit hume .
The president's senior foreign policy advisers were summoned to the white house this morning for meetings with mr. clinton on somalia that would take up much of the day .
But when the president himself spoke this afternoon all that was clear was that there would be no immediate withdrawal of u. s. forces .
We are anxious to conclude our role there honorably but we do not want to see a reversion to the absolute chaos and the terrible misery which existed before .
Mr. clinton said he would have more to say after consultations tomorrow with congressional leaders .
On capitol hill the drum beat of criticism of the somali mission continued this time led by house republicans sixty five of whom sent the president a letter calling his somali policy a failure and demanding he quote expeditiously withdraw u. s. forces .
Thus the president finds himself confronted with a policy crisis .
As recently as june mr. clinton all but declared that the u. n. and u. s. forces still in somalia were no longer threatened by the somali warlord general aidid .
The united nations acting with the united states and other nations has crippled the forces in mogadishu of warlord aidid and remains on guard against further provocation .
Aidid of course has turned out to be a continuing menace .
Administration officials say tonight they'll be prepared in their talks with congress tomorrow to set a firm date for the withdrawal of u. s. troops .
But they warn an orderly exit will take months not weeks .
