We begin in orlando florida where twelve year old gregory kingsley has won his case .
An hour ago a judge terminated his mother's parental rights and allowed gregory to be adopted by the foster family with whom he's been living .
For the details we go to c. n. n.'s charles jaco in orlando .
Charles .
Well susan you're right it was about an hour ago here in orlando florida judge thomas kirk ruled two things .
One the twelve year old gregory kingsley could terminate his mother's parental rights that is rachel <unk> parental rights and secondly the young boy could be adopted by his what were then foster parents george and <unk> russ .
This led to an immediate reaction and celebration in the courtroom they were obviously very very happy with it as he hugged his attorneys hugged his new mother .
It was landmark case in a lot of ways .
The first time in u. s. history that a twelve year old that a child of any kind had been allowed to bring a suit of this kind and then afterwards his new mother made an offer .
I didn't really enjoy the trial very much .
I'm really sorry that his mother had to go through what she had to go through .
I wish it could have been done a simpler way so that she didn't have to suffer like she did .
As a mother did it hurt to see you said suffer your words how'd it make you feel as a mother .
I feel sorry for her .
Why do you feel sorry .
Because she lost her child .
If she comes to you and says i would like to see my child will you agree to that .
Sure but if he wants to .
The ruling was simple .
The judge said that the case was indeed proven that rachel kingsley was allegedly not a very good mother and he felt that there were grounds enough there under state statutes of abandonment to terminate the parental rights .
With me i have two of the <unk> in this case in fact if it turns into a landmark case they're the people who may be written up in legal text .
First jerry blair .
Jerry you were gregory's attorney .
Now a lot has been made by a lot of people that we've opened up a pandora's box here and that kids are going to end up filing lawsuits on everything from going out late at night to nintendo .
You've told me before that that's not the case that you feel the main effect of this is going to be on children who are in foster care who may be able to file lawsuits .
Could you explain that please .
There are a couple of factors .
Number one by giving a child access to courts you don't create a new cause of action .
There isn't a cause of action for better toys or better schools or whatever from children but there is a cause of action that's recognized for termination of a parent slash child relationship when the parent has been abusive <unk> or has abandoned the child .
This court all it did was say that when nobody else protects a little child then the child should be able to go to court and protect himself .
Here the state failed the parents first failed then the state failed and so the child was left to his own devices .
With us also is harry <unk> who was on the other side of this .
You're one of the attorneys for rachel kingsley the mother who lost in this case .
Your opinions have been quite different .
You were telling me earlier as a father you're more than a little worried about this setting a precedent and not a very good one .
Could you explain that .
I agree with your statement earlier that this could be a pandora's box although in this case she indicated that there was already a right for the you know a cause of action in terms of termination of parental rights .
We have to understand that this is america the most <unk> country in the world and what the judge has done has allowed a twelve year old to come into court he has allowed a child to come into court on his own .
So while in this case the child came into court on a termination of parental right actions i feel that the door has been opened for children to come into court and as we know there could be a <unk> of things that children will feel just a strongly about as gregory kingsley now gregory russ felt in this case .
So i disagree as a parent i am very concerned .
Jerri what's your response to that .
I mean there are a lot of parents watching this who are saying oh my god .
This may have just been an unusual adoption case but now that a child essentially has been given legal standing to be the active <unk> in a lawsuit they're probably <unk> in their boots figuratively if not literally .
I mean how do you react to what harry just said .
What you said is i think <unk> .
We're not talking about the child having an absolute right of choice we're talking about the child having standing a judge has to decide things .
If it's frivolous the judge is going to throw it out .
<unk> children have for years had recognized in criminal courts that they have fundamental constitutional rights that require that they get certain things in the court that adults get .
When children have committed criminal acts that would effect their liberty they are entitled to counsel appointed counsel just like adults are .
All we're talking about here is allowing a child to protect his liberty interest in not being held up in the foster care system indefinitely and that's what this case is about .
Mr. <unk> you've obviously gone right off and appealed this thing .
A lot of people made a lot of noise about this being a landmark case .
What's your view .
Do you think it's a landmark case in terms of a twelve year old being given standing to file a suit .
I definitely feel that it's an original type of situation because i'm not aware of a child someone who's a minor being allowed to come in and actually be the petitioner .
I feel that the situation that we have in american law where we provide for guardians for children is the proper situation .
Counselor just made a point about criminal cases involving children that they have the same rights as adults .
However i would say we're standing right on the steps of the juvenile courthouse where unless it's an exceptional situation if those children commit a crime they will be dealt with as criminals and would not be facing the same penalties as an adult .
And although there are times when children can be tried as an adult there has to be a hearing and the state has to come forward and prove certain things so that those children can be tried as adults otherwise they are treated as children .
I would like the children to remain to be treated as children as long as possible because i think that because of the emotional type of situations and just from a social standpoint .
I think that you know we always hear about family values and things of that nature and i just think that this type of ruling could lead to some very contrary situations although in this situation there may have been some good reasons .
I think as you go from jurisdiction to jurisdiction you're going to find all type of rulings and that's what i'm concerned about .
Harry <unk> jerri blair thank you very much for being with us .
As both of them have said we've got a landmark case here that's been settled and one gets the feeling that whatever the outcome of the appeals this is going to be one of those well thumbed chapters in legal textbooks in the years to come .
Right now to repeat twelve year old gregory kingsley is now twelve year old shawn russ that's his new name he has a new set of parents .
He has succeeded in his case the first of its kind in the united states of essentially divorcing from a parent saying that that parent no longer has parental rights .
