In today's <unk> segment president clinton's in new york city touting his health care reform plan and c. n. n.'s carl rochelle stands by in new york .
Carl .
Reid it's a day long series of health care events the president leaving the white house just a short while ago for the trip to new york where he begins a series of events with a visit to a grocery store chain known as path mark .
Path mark has decided to put inserts in their grocery bags and put it on the plastic bags saying that they support health care .
The president when he was there he did arrive oh about a half hour ago and has begun speaking to them .
He did tell them that this company path mark is an example that companies can make a profit and still provide health care insurance for their employees .
When he finishes that appearance he's going to come here where we are now .
This is the association for a better new york the topic again health care .
He's going to speak here to this group of about four hundred fifty new york businessmen who formed this organization in nineteen seventy one to literally support new york .
Then to a visit with some people who have written to the president telling him about their problems with health care .
After that he'll head on up to rhode island where he's going to hold an airport rally .
He's going to meet with some more people who've written him and then have one of his town hall meetings later this evening into the evening up in rhode island .
Reid .
Currently around the white house gates there is talk now of a legal defense fund of some sort .
Well the talk comes because the president has had some pretty severe legal funds <unk> with the paula jones case and with the special counsel probe into whitewater he's had to spend a lot of money .
Some people say it could go as high as one million dollars .
The president according to special adviser bruce lindsey is not in any financial trouble yet but the white house is looking into ways to set up a special legal defense fund .
They say it is legal under white house rules .
The white house counsel the white house lawyers have looked into that it's o. k. to do that but if they do they'd set it up specially so the president wouldn't know who gave money to that .
They haven't decided to do it yet but they're looking into it reid .
