Welcome back to showbiz today .
Under siege stormed the box office over the weekend collecting more than fourteen million dollars to become the nation's new number one film .
Tommy lee jones and gary <unk> are two of the reasons why this action adventure story packs a punch .
Senior entertainment correspondent bill tush has more .
For the crew aboard the u. s. s. missouri in the new movie under siege it appeared to be just another birthday party .
That was until tommy lee jones arrived .
Jones teams up with gary <unk> to hijack a battleship and send its nuclear weapons on a one way trip to honolulu .
Leave it to steven segal to spoil the fun .
Humor is the important part of this movie .
It determines comic relief .
If you can build dramatic tension and then relieve it with a joke you can come back to it .
I think the kind of intense level of action that this movie goes to is not really sustainable by anything other than a roller coaster ride for any length of time .
It's real simple the more dangerous things are the more close humor comes to your consciousness when you're attempting to apply yourself in a positive way in a dangerous arena .
You know nervous laughter .
That nervous laughter comes from that place i don't know if i can do it .
We just turn that into words and scenario to make the gentlemen that we're playing a little bit off center .
This insanity is so logical .
Choosing intense roles seems natural for gary <unk> but the way he sees it the roles really choose him .
It's an extension of my real self the adventurer in me the inner child a little boy that's still very much alive in my heart .
<unk> <unk> his life after a near fatal motorcycle crash four years ago which brought things more into focus .
The motorcycle accident gave me the awareness of me to me i'm nothing else i can imagine .
I don't recommend that smashing into a curb going forty five miles an hour without a helmet .
<unk> and jones found they had two things in common in addition to their new movie both are from texas and both have oscar nominations .
<unk> for the buddy holly story and jones for j. f. k. .
But for jones good acting is just part of the job .
You come to work you put on your clothes you follow the blocking and do as well as you can to the extent that you can understand what's expected of you .
What was expected of these big screen tough guys in under siege .
Jones said he followed some old advice from spencer tracy show up on time know the words and don't bump into the furniture .
