We're all used to seeing the comedic antics of will smith also known as the fresh prince on his hit n. b. c. series of course and as a rapper in music videos .
But smith's latest role in the new movie six degrees of separation is a far cry from delivering rapid fire sitcom <unk> or reciting lyrics like boom shake the room .
Every moment in life is a learning experience .
Will smith has taken those words to heart .
Six degrees of separation marks the first dramatic movie role for the young actor and rap artists known to millions of fans by his <unk> de plume the fresh prince .
I was shooting for the stars .
And you know i could either get a lot of respect and people just say what are we supposed to say .
This is a brilliant decision .
But in order to make a brilliant decision you have to set yourself up to look like a fool .
Smith's transformation in the film from street hustler to high society con artist took the actor eighteen weeks of training with a <unk> coach acting coach and physical trainer preparing him mind and body for his new identity .
I borrowed a copy from a young friend of mine because i wanted to see what she had underlined and i read this book to find out why this touching beautiful sensitive story published in july nineteen fifty one had turned into this manifesto of hate .
Did that affect you at all when you went back to work on fresh prince .
Oh absolutely .
You walked in there and said hello there .
Yeah you know uncle phil what's up .
I had to re learn my comedic instincts .
I got about six shows in and was losing my mind it was like what is wrong .
And it was just my friends would just look at me and everything was like why is will talking like that i believe the imagination is the passport that we create to help take us into the real world .
It was intellectually stimulating it was artistically challenging and from those things i can derive pleasure you know in the accomplishment but never would i say it was fun .
It was grueling .
Smith says he'll continue his t. v. series for as long as the fans want to see it .
He's got a new album now in stores but he calls movies the most exciting aspect of his career .
I like to look at that with airplane philosophy .
Now if you're going to be scared and you're going to be worried about it and you're going to be complaining do it on the ground you know .
Once the plane takes off you're in there .
Just relax .
