Good evening .
We begin tonight with fruits and vegetables .
We never quite imagined the news would begin this way one day but in the realm of fruits and vegetables the future has arrived sooner than many people had expected .
Today the bush administration said it was perfectly legal for genetic engineers to go ahead and bring to market fruits and vegetables which have been genetically altered to make them bigger or <unk> or last longer .
And they will not be burdened with new safety standards .
The first genetically engineered tomato may be on your shelf next spring .
Our first report is from bettina gregory .
Today most tomatoes are picked green gas is used to turn them red but they are not necessarily ripe when they get to market .
Next year tomatoes like these will be <unk> on the <unk> and shipped to market when they are ready to eat .
This so called super tomato stays ripe longer because its genes have been altered to slow down <unk> .
The people who will market these tomatoes and the government say the genetically altered tomatoes are perfectly safe .
What the f. d. a. has done today is tell you that there's no reason to think that these tomatoes are different from other tomatoes that they just taste better .
The government says most genetically engineered fruits and vegetables can be marketed without additional safety tests or any sort of pre market approval from the food and drug administration .
We will ensure that biotech products will receive the same oversight as other products instead of being hampered by unnecessary regulation .
The white house says genetically engineered foods need no additional regulation if they are made entirely of substances people already eat safely .
For example a banana gene can be inserted into a tomato .
But the white house says any synthetic gene like a <unk> or any gene which could produce an allergic reaction or be toxic would require the f. d. a.'s approval .
Consumer advocate jeremy rifkin says the new regulations will not protect the public .
And each time you make one of these changes it's ecological <unk> .
You never know whether there's a mutation that may occur to cause illness or perhaps death .
The only way a consumer will know whether he or she is buying a genetically altered product is if its makers voluntarily label it .
The f. d. a. is so convinced the process is safe it will not require any special labeling .
Bettina gregory a. b. c. news washington .
Well think back on it .
For years farmers and agricultural scientists have cross bred various species to make them <unk> or <unk> whether it's tomatoes or potatoes corn or <unk> .
What they're saying now is they can do the same by genetic engineering only a good deal faster .
Here's a. b. c.'s bob jamieson .
Today's decision is expected to increase investment in the laboratories where scientists have already developed five dozen genetically engineered food and agricultural products some almost ready for market .
<unk> as an example has not only developed its super tomato but nearby greenhouses are growing genetically designed <unk> plants .
Their seed produce cooking oil that is more <unk> without saturated fat .
<unk> has also engineered cotton seed with its own pesticide .
We have developed and introduced a gene into the plant that produces a protein which when cotton pests <unk> the tissue as they feed they take in the protein and they die .
If biotechnology lives up to its full potential in agriculture farmers could ultimately cut their chemical use and plant seeds resistant to disease that can grow with less water .
That could increase yields and lower costs for consumers .
The farm industry welcomed today's administration ruling .
These new rules will help to open the prospects to these new more <unk> foods .
And the opportunities are almost unlimited as far as the future is concerned .
Analysts say biotechnology in agriculture today is about where biotechnology in the health industry was a decade ago when the first genetically engineered drug was introduced .
Since then biotech drugs have become a four billion dollar a year industry .
But analysts are cautious about such an explosion in the food industry .
Analysts say the future of genetically engineered food depends less on regulation than it does on producing something consumers like .
Bob jamieson a. b. c. news new york .
In a moment we'll have some of the other news a supreme court decision today means consumers may soon pay sales tax on some of their mail order purchases on the american agenda today an alternative to putting drunk drivers in jail and finally an olympic gold medalist who has an important message .
There's a decision by the supreme court today that may make it more expensive to order from some mail order catalogues .
Mail order is a two hundred billion dollar a year industry but most of us who order from them do not have to pay sales tax if the mail order company is out of state .
That may change .
Here's a. b. c.'s tim o'brien .
The <unk> corporation is a national mail order firm which sells office supplies and is based in illinois .
The company sells more than two hundred million dollars worth of products a year one million dollars worth in north dakota where customers who buy through the mail do not pay sales taxes .
The state tried to impose a tax on <unk> to make up for the lost revenue and the company challenged the tax in court .
Today the supreme court ruled there's nothing unconstitutional about states taxing mail order firms even though those firms are located elsewhere with no physical presence in the state .
Justice john paul stevens said it was enough that <unk> directs its business at north dakota and derives profits from doing business there .
The ruling could cut into the competitive edge that mail order companies now enjoy that may have to pay billions in taxes which they would surely pass on to customers .
The court did say because such taxes could burden interstate commerce congress must approve them first .
Some lawmakers are ready to do that saying it is only fair to other businesses that pay taxes .
But the catalogue industry promises a fight .
We don't think that the imposition of sales tax is good for our industry or for the consumers and by virtue we will lobby against it strongly .
But some industry leaders acknowledge that today's ruling may force direct marketing firms to negotiate with lawmakers so that in the future when you buy through the mail you'll pay more so that your state may get a piece of the action .
Tim o'brien a. b. c. news washington .
In washington today the congressional budget office has tried to add a note of realism to an important debate that is underway .
The debate is about a proposed constitutional amendment to balance the federal budget .
Until now its congressional sponsors haven't offered any specifics of just how the budget would be balanced .
Today's report is very specific .
Here's a. b. c.'s cokie roberts .
The gloomy weather outside the capitol reflected the tone of the report on what it would really take to get the deficit to zero in the next five years .
I'm not trying to scare anybody but i'm also not trying to kid anybody .
Opponents of the balanced budget amendment claim that canceling funding for the space station the super conducting super collider mass transit and the arts would only make a small dent in the deficit .
Other spending cuts would have to come from programs like medicare and social security health research law enforcement and housing .
As an alternative the report suggests that taxes could be raised and tax breaks eliminated a national sales tax for example or gasoline tax or the elimination of tax deductions for home mortgages .
Supporters of the balanced budget amendment claim that the report is nothing more than a scare tactic designed to drive away votes from the politically popular measure .
To those who assert deficit reduction will wreak havoc on the economy and definitely postpone for at least a decade any economic recovery in this country i have to ask what do you think the deficit is doing to our economy today .
Over the years congress has passed laws and signed agreements to balance the budget but the deficit keeps growing .
Now congress seems ready to amend the constitutional .
Politicians find it easier to outlaw the red ink than to raise taxes and make spending cuts necessary to erase it .
Cokie roberts a. b. c. news capitol hill .
The housing industry which had been very strong early this year is a little weaker .
Sales of existing homes were down three tenths of a percent in april .
That's the first decline in three months .
On wall street the dow jones industrials lost twenty two and one half points to close at three thousand three hundred sixty four and the trading was heavy .
We'll be back in just a moment .
In other news today the president of one of the nation's most prestigious universities has decided to quit his job and concentrate on elementary and secondary education .
The president of yale university <unk> schmidt said today he is resigning to participate in an effort to create a national system of private schools .
We asked bill blakemore who reports on education for the american agenda to take a look at the new project .
All right .
The blakemore piece is not quite ready yet so we'll come back to that in a second .
Let's go on actually to tell you first about haiti .
Right .
All right .
Stand by for a second .
It's a story about the bush administration and its new policy on haiti .
The coast guard picked up thirty eight haitians today trying to leave haiti in small boats and took them back again .
It is the first example of the bush administration's new policy of forcing haitians back before giving them a chance to make a case for political asylum .
If the past is an indication haitians will however still try to escape .
And a. b. c.'s linda pattillo is in miami .
The first time <unk> <unk> fled haiti was last november .
He was picked up by the u. s. coast guard and taken back .
This photograph published around the world was taken as <unk> was helped off the dock in haiti with a broken foot .
An hour later he was arrested by the haitian police .
They struck me fifteen times with a stick he says .
They told me the reason they're not going to kill me is so i can go back to where i'm from as an example so that others don't take the boats .
They said that the next time we find you on a boat you will be killed instantly .
Despite that <unk> fled in another boat in december .
He was picked up again but this time without explaining why the immigration and naturalization service allowed him into the u. s. to try to apply for political asylum .
Other haitians who have fled been forced back and fled again tell similar stories .
Their accounts of persecution are at odds with the bush administration's defense of its new refugee policy .
Our embassy officers have contacted over two thousand repatriated haitians in the capital and in the countryside .
In no case have they found evidence of mistreatment connected to their repatriation .
The evidence is strong .
It can't be ignored .
There is just too much testimony that this is happening .
We have living breathing witnesses to what is happening in haiti to those who are forcibly returned .
Even haitians like <unk> who get to apply for asylum have only a one in ten chance of convincing u. s. authorities they have a legitimate fear of persecution .
What do you think will happen to you if you are forced to go back to haiti .
If i'm forced back to haiti he says where i land i will die .
Linda pattillo a. b. c. news miami .
Overseas for a moment .
Russia's president boris yeltsin touring siberia today said he is not planning to run for re election when his term is up on nineteen ninety six .
He also said that no matter how much opposition he faces he will not quit early .
Russia and ukraine have finally decided they will negotiate control of the old soviet navy's black sea fleet .
They'll try to figure out how to divide the fleet between them .
There has been another israeli raid on lebanon today .
It is the fifth in six days .
Israel says the target was a military training camp for the fundamentalist hizbollah movement .
Three of the groups members were reportedly wounded .
The former american diplomat philip <unk> has died .
It was mr. <unk> on behalf of president carter who successfully brought egypt's president anwar sadat and israel's prime minister menachem begin together to begin making peace .
<unk> was seventy two .
Now let's return to education .
As we said today the president of one of the nation's leading universities has decided to quit his job and concentrate on elementary and secondary education .
He is <unk> schmidt .
He's the president of yale .
He's going to participate in an effort to try and create a national network of private schools .
Bill blakemore as we said covers the american agenda education beat for us so he takes a look at what they're trying to do .
The first thing <unk> schmidt will have to do for whittle communications is what he did for yale raise money .
They'll need two point three billion dollars fast to get <unk> first two hundred private schools up and running by nineteen ninety six .
The <unk> problems of education that we're facing in this country are certainly not at yale .
They're in elementary school as it's now conceived and high schools .
And i think we need a new vision of what that education is about .
The plan is eventually to create one thousand profit making schools around the country .
They say they'll accept all applicants .
Those who can afford it will pay about five thousand five hundred dollars tuition the average cost public schools spend per child .
And they say twenty percent of their students will be given scholarships .
Whittle says he'll cut down on costs by reducing administration and asking not only parents to do some of the teaching but also kids .
It's a great <unk> course for the kids that are doing the teaching .
So it's not only good economics it's also good education .
But some educators say profit making schools are not good for public education .
Instead of providing support and resources to get public schools to live up to the promise and necessity of the twenty first century we're at this moment considering abandoning them altogether .
Schmidt and whittle say their new schools will be revolutionary .
Skeptics point out it may all sound good but there's a lot of money to raise .
And for all the prestige brought by the president of yale university producing any good nationwide system of schools has so far proven far from elementary .
Bill blakemore a. b. c. news new york .
We'll continue in just a moment .
American agenda .
We have put <unk> on the american agenda tonight driving while intoxicated .
Of the more than forty thousand people who are killed every year in traffic accidents more than half involve drunk drivers .
And many of them have already been convicted of drunk driving at least once .
How to get them off the road before they kill .
Our agenda reporter is walter rodgers .
C. a nine one three one oh oh state versus robert <unk> .
Three weeks before this court appearance robert john <unk> a fifty four year old construction worker was caught driving with a blood alcohol level three times the legal limit .
Sam your client is charged with drunk driving .
This will be <unk> second conviction for driving while intoxicated .
He must now enter a state program for treating drunk drivers .
If i were you i'd make this your last adventure in <unk> because if you were to come back here we're going to have to go to the state penal system .
And at your age that means the state penitentiary .
Jailing drunk drivers used to be the only option judges had .
But in prince <unk> county maryland just outside washington they have combined a jail sentence with an intensive alcohol treatment program .
And ninety three percent of those who complete the program never come back .
By god it's the most intelligent step i've seen taken in thirty years in the business and twenty years as a judge .
For anyone convicted of <unk> the program starts with a week in jail in the county detention center .
And like most others <unk> started out <unk> .
If alcoholism is a disease i don't see what putting a guy in jail does for him .
The carrot and the stick is the right approach .
You let folks know just how far it can be bad and then give him the option of what level of good they want to find themselves on .
The jail phase of this <unk> program is designed to get the drunk driver's attention .
There is a lot of exposure to men who have done more than drink and drive .
I think that those razor sharp wires that spartan bed all of the components really make one confront the fact that because of this disease i am now in this kind of environment .
After a week in jail .
Sunlight .
<unk> is transferred to the <unk> facility .
Phase two of this program offers intensive counseling therapy and hope .
The people here in the health department are very good at what they do .
They have the heart to help you .
If you open up your heart and be receptive they can help you out .
This facility houses sixty inmates who for the next few weeks will learn from each other about their addictions .
Eight hundred people pass through this facility every year at very little expense to the taxpayers .
Residents have to pay for their own care and counseling usually about one thousand dollars .
For that they get to confront the problem most have denied .
When you say denial i've never bothered to try denying .
Is there a problem john .
With what .
Drinking .
Yes there is .
Otherwise i wouldn't be here .
The therapy takes place at nights and on weekends .
During the day residents return to their usual jobs .
John <unk> works crushing concrete .
At night his progress is monitored by the counseling staff .
Someone like john <unk> who has been in this program for a week now six days what do you hope that he would have learned at this point .
At this point if he has alcoholism and he continues using the drug that it's going to kill him and maybe somebody else .
It is the impact of <unk> ward's story that touches <unk> group the most in the final days of therapy .
Ward volunteers to tell his story of being hit by a drunk driver eleven years ago .
He did more than break my legs in sixty seven places .
He did more than to push me to the brink of trying to kill myself twice .
And he turned my life inside out .
And for what .
I would recommend a couple of double a. meetings a week .
At a final counseling session <unk> agreed to attend alcoholics anonymous meetings maintaining his sobriety .
You won't catch me on the road after some beers .
It's just not worth it .
He says staying sober behind the wheel is easier now than it would have been had the judge simply thrown him in jail to sober up .
Walter rodgers a. b. c. news upper marlboro maryland .
Back in just a moment .
Finally from us this evening athletes and homosexuality .
Because they are so often the victims of prejudice many gays and lesbians find it enormously difficult to acknowledge their sexual orientation publicly or come out as the phrase goes .
A. b. c.'s dick schaap reports tonight on the challenge for one olympic gold medalist .
In the los angeles olympics eight years ago bruce hayes of the united states <unk> the world's best swimmer mikhail gross of west germany on the final leg of the eight hundred meter <unk> relay and won a gold medal .
<unk> joy was obvious .
His agony was not .
Bruce hayes was a gold medalist and privately gay .
I heard the jokes every day and i heard the gay bashing that went on and i thought there's no way i'm going to confide in somebody that i'm gay .
Hayes was not the only gay olympian .
If you went back and looked through the olympic record books if everyone were to come out i think people would be impressed .
But very few of the <unk> came out .
There is so much pressure on you to begin with that the last thing you want is an added kind of pressure .
Hayes kept his homosexuality private .
He gave up swimming went to work at a public relations firm in new york .
Then a boyhood friend rick reynolds who had heard hayes was gay convinced him to join new york <unk> a gay swimming team .
Just because of what he is and where he's been and what he has done and to see him swimming alongside of us is it's just nothing short of inspirational .
Two years ago at the gay games in vancouver hayes swam back into the spotlight .
He won seven gold medals .
Suddenly he was out openly gay .
I don't think there was ever a day when i woke up and said i'm coming out now .
It's not an easy process .
It's an extremely difficult scary process to come out .
Bruce is now comfortable enough to be actively promoting gay games the fourth which will be held in new york city in two years .
Somebody that i came out to once said oh you can't be gay .
You won a gold medal .
And that it just enraged me because that's the sort of stereotype that i think gays and lesbians are fighting against .
Hayes used to be afraid of fighting the stereotype .
Not anymore .
Dick schaap a. b. c. news new york .
That's world news tonight .
I'm peter jennings .
