This is weekend edition .
I'm susan stamberg .
After a decade of investigation new jersey officials have begun to take control of the state's biggest school district .
School officials in newark are accused of incompetence and corruption which has wrecked the educational opportunities of forty nine thousand schoolchildren .
Steve inskeep of <unk> reports .
The state has ordered the newark school district to give any reason why it should not be taken over .
It's the final step before the state potentially fires top administrators throws out an elected school board and takes control .
New jersey officials have also released a report on the newark schools larger than a big city phone book one thousand seven hundred ninety eight pages which even in the long history of failing schools is an epic testament of incompetence failure and corruption .
Assistant state education commissioner peter <unk> says students attend school in ancient crumbling buildings even though the district has money to build new schools .
And with money sitting for as long as seven and eight years for construction projects you just cannot justify continuing to have children housed in buildings that are <unk> in the first place were never designed for schools that are rat infested and are filthy in conditions and in effect it is our obligation and responsibility to <unk> and to do what's in the best interests of those children .
The report says newark students struggle with outdated textbooks or no textbooks at all .
Not surprisingly newark students on average perform <unk> on standardized tests and often graduate unprepared for college .
The state report also cites examples of corruption .
In one instance children at the mount pleasant elementary school have attended class in a converted factory <unk> for twenty years .
The exorbitant rent on this <unk> building has passed through a sham corporation and into the hands of the principals of two other schools .
The state charges that newark's elected board of education is more interested in titles and perks than in students .
As the report came out yesterday on one of the most crucial days this district has ever faced the school superintendent took the day off leaving school spokeswoman toni randolph to field questions from reporters .
I don't know about any rat infested buildings .
Our buildings are very old in newark .
Some as our superintendent said date back to the time when lincoln was president and it's hard to maintain older buildings but we try our best .
There've been some road blocks but we're progressing as well as we can .
If new jersey officials complete the take over they will control all of the state's three biggest school districts but even as the state took control of schools in jersey city and patterson newark officials have <unk> off efforts to remove them for ten years .
Last year as state officials began the investigation which led to yesterday's move then board of education president perry <unk> promised a fierce political battle against state officials .
The same people who elected the members of the board of education also elected them and as i said when this thing goes to war if it has to we will take no political prisoners .
When state investigators walked into a newark school building last october the school principal called police and had the state officials arrested for trespassing and assault and newark officials have said they now intend to go to court to preserve local control .
But state education commissioner leo <unk> says local control is not the issue .
Unfortunately it appears that the citizens of newark now have little control over the quality of education in the city .
Ironically newark is on the verge of losing control just as more money is about to arrive to help correct some of its school's problems .
This month the state supreme court ruled that new jersey is discriminating against newark and other poor urban districts by spending less money than in wealthy suburbs .
Like the high courts of other states the justices ruled that because poor cities cannot raise as much in property taxes which support schools the state must pay to make up the difference .
Newark officials have said for years that one reason they're in such trouble is because the state has not sent them enough money .
But new jersey governor christie whitman has responded to the court order to spend more by saying it is also important to check how education money is spent .
Yesterday's action makes clear that if the governor is forced to send millions more in funding to newark she's not willing to let that money go to administrators perceived as incompetent or corrupt .
