Welcome back to larry king live .
The animation that makes us happy the characters known round the world the theme parks that have come to stand for the ultimate american vacation walt disney means happiness plain and simple .
And the keepers of his legacy want to keep it that way .
And now a biographer says that uncle walt was actually much more complicated a sad cruel man who spied on his fellow hollywood residents a happy visionary in public a dark prince in private .
That's the verdict from marc eliot in his new book walt disney hollywood's dark prince from birch lane press and the disney family is mad .
Marc eliot joins me now .
What led you to write this book .
Well i have some friends who are a little older than i am and they were <unk> in the forties and the fifties and it came up one night that someone said that walt disney had been the leader of a vigilante organization in the forties .
This struck me as quite interesting .
I've always been fascinated by the politics of hollywood .
So i tried to research this particular aspect of disney's life and found that it virtually was non existent in the authorized biographies of walt disney .
Didn't he testify before the house un american activities .
He most certainly did .
He was considered one of the <unk> witnesses and when he testified he named several people as communists none of whom was there any evidence for that particular situation .
But that was known that the testified .
That was known .
Right .
There are other things that weren't known including his being one of the founding members of the <unk> the motion picture alliance which was that organization they were referring to in nineteen forty three .
But most <unk> what i found out when i <unk> the f. b. i. for his file under the freedom of information act was that disney was working with the f. b. i. from nineteen forty until his death and possibly as early as nineteen thirty seven .
But doesn't the f. b. i. deny that .
The f. b. i. hasn't made any statements .
Didn't william webster make a statement .
William webster is not in the f. b. i. .
William webster is .
Well a former head of the f. b. i. .
A former head of the f. b. i. .
He's acting as a matter of fact i don't know how he's acting .
Is he a spokesman for the disney family .
Is he on the disney payroll .
Is he a spokesman .
Are you implying that .
I'm asking .
I'm not implying .
I'm asking who he's representing and in what capacity .
He said disney wasn't an employee of the f. b. i. and he's the former head .
And nothing could have happened in between .
Disney died before he left .
But he specifically said in his statement that according to the released documents there was no evidence that walt disney was a secret informant .
That's a very specific comment .
My reply to that is the released documents are sixty percent <unk> out and over ninety percent of that sixty percent is <unk> out for reasons of national security .
My question is what could possibly be in those documents fifty years later .
There's no more soviet union .
There's no more communist threat in hollywood .
As far as i know world war two is over and hitler is dead .
What could possibly be a question of national security .
What's your guess .
My guess is that as the family and the studio have demonstrated for the entire course of the disney existence they feel that he is an economic factor and that the image of walt disney is precious and priceless and must be kept intact <unk> at all costs .
All right but that's the family .
That isn't the f. b. i. doesn't care if walt disney makes money or not .
The f. b. i. as i said hasn't made any statement .
I have called upon the f. b. i. now since this <unk> has begun for lack of a better word to release all the documents .
That way they don't have to take the new york times' word they don't have to take c. b. s. news' word or my word or mr. webster's word .
By the way four groups have now seen these documents .
I have seen them .
I've had them for two years .
The new york times had them for eight weeks independently came to the same conclusion i did that walt disney was a secret informant .
Last friday c. b. s. news independently conducted its own three week investigation of some material that i supplied and some that they found on their own .
They came to the same conclusion .
They said on network t. v. friday night that walt disney was a secret informant .
By the way that aside and you presume it right .
Because you're assuming it too .
Well i am .
Mr. webster is assuming not you're assuming yes .
I'm not only assuming and i'm assuming it based on documents .
See i don't agree with mr. webster's assessment of those documents .
According to the family they had the book the day of publication .
Somehow on that day they were able to put together that massive document in one day according to them .
If we look back to the time though the forties and fifties .
Right .
If someone were informing for the f. b. i. what's terrible .
The last time i checked that was an american organization .
I don't see anything particularly terrible about it .
Ronald reagan did it .
It was disclosed five years ago that he did it .
His code name was disclosed .
I frankly do not understand the family's incredibly harsh reaction to what is essentially a proven fact .
But you're calling it a dark prince aspect .
What is bad about informing to the f. b. i. .
Nothing is essentially bad about it according to the circumstances .
Unfortunately a lot of the people that walt disney informed upon were not necessarily people who should have been condemned and punished for the actions that they did .
That's probably why they <unk> it out .
That's right .
So that those people wouldn't be marred .
Well except that disney's testimony at <unk> was very damaging to the careers of three individuals particularly .
As far as being <unk> out that makes it worse in the sense that the people who are being accused and then vilified can't face their accusers .
By the way the family of walt disney declined to appear on larry king live but walt disney's daughter submitted this statement in response to your book .
Yes sir .
And then i'll have you comment .
My family and i have never set out to <unk> my father .
Certainly he was not perfect no one is .
The reputation he enjoys and deserves is one he earned during his lifetime of hard work and honesty .
He was a very good man .
Just as mr. eliot has altered the meaning of f. b. i. documents to suit his theories he also has deliberately and erroneously portrayed my father's character in a negative light .
Mr. eliot never knew my father .
I cannot believe that our founding fathers intended the first amendment to provide license to distort and defame the lives and <unk> of honorable people .
The letter from diane disney miller .
Well that's quite a statement .
First of all if you follow that <unk> then nobody can write a biography about any historical figure they haven't met .
That's kind of a bit silly .
There's a new biography of george washington out .
I guess that according to that definition shouldn't be looked at .
Secondly i'm still waiting to face my accusers in this situation .
The disney family keeps on issuing these pronouncing statements without facing me on a one to one basis to specifically tell me what they're objecting to .
This idea that i have altered the f. b. i. documents is sheer nonsense .
Strangely enough nobody has asked me to produce any of these documents .
Mr. webster certainly has all five hundred seventy pages that he apparently looked at in one day and hasn't felt the need to release anything .
I am going to release this week i will tell you now and i am saying this for the first time in public .
Voluntarily on my own i am going to release ten pages of this f. b. i. file that i have .
And in those ten pages it will be shown <unk> that walt disney was an sac contact that he knew about it that he received letters of commendation for his work that he turned in at least one worker in his studio .
He invited or allowed the f. b. i. to come in and look at the employment files of an art director who was later <unk> by the f. b. i. .
I will release these files and then i'd like to see what the response is .
But there was a wave then all across america of fear and anti communist zealotry .
Well as a matter of fact .
So what was he doing there wrong .
I mean he may have been misguided but what was he doing that was evil if he did that .
I'm not judging the goodness or the evil of it .
But you call it dark prince .
The reason i call the book the dark prince is because disney's dark personal side is one of the affecting qualities of his movies .
This is not a book about walt disney and the f. b. i. per se .
That is one factor of this book .
All right let's touch another factor .
O. k. .
<unk> .
Well i'm not the first by far to talk about walt disney's <unk> .
This has been written about before .
And as a matter of fact history itself film history i'm a film student .
I attended columbia university's film school and did work at the doctoral level in film criticism .
And i can tell you that the film the three little pigs the original version had a scene where the wolf disguised himself as a jewish <unk> and came to the door and tried to worm his way into one of the <unk> house .
This scene so upset the jewish community in hollywood that they pressured walt disney into removing it .
And when it was removed he jokingly said that he was just trying to make fun of carl <unk> who was an enemy of his in hollywood .
Why did <unk> <unk> honor him with a dinner .
That is a testament to walt disney's incredible p. r. machine and personal charm and his ability to distance himself from that own dark side .
Well why would an <unk> go to a dinner which jews are attending to honor him .
Because jews to use a phrase in walt disney's time controlled hollywood and he was forever seeking part of his inner conflict much as it was in his own family he had a very very hostile and violent father and yet he identified very much with that father when he became a father figure in his studio .
He was very much the same way in hollywood .
He felt an outsider to these european jewish moguls and at the same time he desperately wanted to be a part of that community .
The book is walt disney hollywood's dark prince from birch lane press .
The guest is its author marc eliot .
And he's going to release ten pages of the f. b. i. documents this week .
And we'll be back after these words .
Let's take some calls for marc eliot .
Glendale california hello .
Hello mr. eliot .
Yes sir .
I've worked for the walt disney family for the past twenty five years .
In the l. a. times you were quoted to say that the disney family had a copy of the book at every stage from the original proposal to the end and never once did they come forth and say this is wrong or that's wrong .
I'd like to know if you stand by that statement .
I'll tell you why i stand by that statement .
When i first did my proposal for this book i wrote it in confidence .
I gave it to my agent .
It was hand delivered to my publisher so that it was never out of sight of anybody's hands that we knew of .
Twenty four hours later i got a phone call from the disney studio saying that they were not happy that i was about to write this book this was about five years ago however if i worked with them and allowed them to help me then they would cooperate .
And when i relocated to los angeles from new york city right near the studio so i could work there every day i was told the first day on the lot that unless i agreed to have them license the book and have final editorial control that i would be escorted off the lot immediately and not allowed back on and that's exactly what happened .
You were escorted off .
That's right politely but firmly .
The dark side deals with loss right .
He had a terrible loss early on .
That's right .
Well he was the child of a very violent fundamentalist father who had his own dark side .
And i guess in some ways like father like son .
Walt went through a very very physically violent and abusive childhood and this is kind of echoed in the movies and one of the you see i call walt disney an artist of the first rank and a genius in this book and one of the reasons i say that is in spite of his own denials of any psychological links between himself his personality his background and the movies the very fact of that denial leaves a wide open path for him to make the associations as an artist .
But this arch right wing conservative made the most anti n. r. a. film every made <unk> .
The n. r. a. has got to picket <unk> .
I mean that turned off more people from what was the basis of <unk> loss of parent .
A loss of parents and a child's desire to reunite with parents and a child to have a father figure and a mother figure that could make that child feel secure and loved .
<unk> pennsylvania hello .
Hello .
I'm just calling to say that i feel that walt disney has done a great deal for our younger generations .
And when you think what is on television today it's pretty sick .
And to have even snow white come back and <unk> and i wish <unk> again which i loved every one of them has been marvelous .
And i think all children can grow up with them .
I grew up with them .
I mean i'm .
All right what's your question .
My question is why are you so <unk> .
Why defame a man who's brought so much happiness to so many people i guess is it .
Again i don't feel that i'm <unk> anybody .
I feel i'm telling a story that has happened .
I'm relating it .
I am the messenger not the message in this book .
I agree with you that the movies are among the greatest films animated or otherwise in hollywood's history .
But let me give you a footnote in terms of what you said .
You know when snow white came out it was banned in england for being <unk> for children .
One of the quotes i have in the book by walt disney which has been often repeated is that i don't make films primarily for children .
It's a fascinating statement and it's one of the things that i explore in this book is exactly what he was doing when he was making these films .
I don't think it will hurt by the way to take another look at these movies .
I don't think that hurts an artist's work to know more about his life .
Austin texas hello .
Yes i had read in a previous biography that mr. disney became fascinated with <unk> and it implied there was and this is of course a longstanding rumor that he had been frozen for later revival .
Any information on that .
Walt disney was <unk> and his remains were buried in forest lawn about a mile away from the studio .
Back with our remaining moments with marc eliot on larry king live .
Tomorrow night president clinton .
Don't go away .
We can get in another call .
Los angeles hello .
Hi .
Great book .
What is the story on how he treated his brother .
I understand he did him out of the business and out of his will .
Well i don't think he was that severe .
There was a lifelong sibling rivalry there and he did kind of take his brother's name off the studio .
Originally it was .
This is roy .
Roy disney .
Originally it was the disney brothers studio changed to the walt disney studio .
Roy never knocked his brother did he .
No roy never fell into that bait trap .
He was very content to be behind the scenes and run the financial end and to leave the creative end to walt which was probably a very wise decision .
Are you shocked at all the attention this is getting .
Yes .
Are you surprised no one's come on with you .
Disappointed .
When are you going to release those ten pages .
I believe they'll be in the hands of the press on thursday .
Thanks marc .
My pleasure .
Thank you larry .
Marc eliot the book is walt disney hollywood's dark prince the publisher is birch lane .
Richard dreyfuss will be with us on thursday senators packwood and hollings will debate the deficit question on wednesday .
And tomorrow night we'll be live from the white house with your phone calls for president clinton .
That's tomorrow night .
Susan rook co no she doesn't company she solo anchors the world news no co alone .
Susan what's up .
Larry thank you .
Next on worldnews a horrifying discovery in bosnia patients at a mental hospital in the war zone are abandoned by their staff and left to live in ghastly conditions .
Also if your child wanted to get a gun could they get it .
Well you might say no but the kids say no problem .
Plus we will take you to the national test pilots school where for a cool three hundred grand you can get the right stuff .
Stay with us .
