From a. b. c. news in new york twenty twenty ths continues .
It was last spring that we first brought you the story of the little girl at the center of a bitter custody battle and now this heartbreaking case is drawing national attention and making news all across the country .
Baby jessica the two year old caught in a tug of war between her birth parents and the couple that has raised her since she was three weeks old .
After a long and nasty court battle the case is finally reaching an end .
Michigan's highest court has made a final ruling and in just sixteen days jessica is to be turned over to a mother she doesn't know .
Are the best interests of the child being served in these cases .
Should blood alone decide the outcome .
As tom jarriel reported a while back these have been the key questions since the beginning of this very difficult legal fight .
The court calls her baby girl c. she's a two year old who lives in a cape cod house in ann arbor michigan with jan and robbie <unk> and the dog miles but beyond her cozy and comfortable world is a bitter and protracted custody battle .
On one side the deboers who have raised almost from birth the child they call jessica .
I have given my heart and soul to this little girl .
She is a part of me .
On the other side her biological parents cara and dan schmidt from iowa .
They battled more than two years in the courts to get back the child they call anna .
They have not adopted her and they never will .
I will never give up my rights .
She is mine .
A dark eyed baby girl too young to know she's the center of a swirling controversy which pits two fundamental issues the rights of the biological parents versus the rights of the child .
This emotional legal struggle began in a hospital nursery in cedar rapids iowa .
A healthy baby girl was born here february eighth nineteen ninety one to an unwed mother .
Two weeks before the birth the <unk> mother told her doctor she wanted the child put up for adoption .
Within two days after the birth the new mother signed away her legal custody of the child and a boyfriend named scott whom she identified as the father of the baby also signed papers permitting a childless couple in michigan to adopt the little girl and take her home .
End of the story .
Hardly .
It was the beginning of a heart wrenching tug of war with the future of an innocent child at stake .
The baby's mother cara schmidt is from a small farm town of six hundred people outside cedar rapids .
She was twenty nine years old when she discovered she was pregnant .
She carried her secret alone hiding her pregnancy from others for eight months .
The stress she claims prevented her from thinking clearly about what to do .
It was right after delivering her baby that she began to have second thoughts about the adoption .
Why did you agree in the first place to have this child adopted .
There was no thought like my mind clicked off and it was just this adoption thought popped into my head and i have no idea why .
I was a completely different person .
In order for the adoption to proceed the birth mother and birth father both would have to give up custody of the child .
To facilitate the process cara knowingly named the wrong man her boyfriend at the time scott as the father .
Dan schmidt is the birth father .
He and cara dated for five months but the relationship ended early in the pregnancy without him knowing he was going to be a father .
Soon after the baby was born cara told dan he was the father .
I cried my eyes out .
We sat there and held each other and hugged each other and cried .
They fell in love and later married and joined forces to get the baby back .
Just days after the baby was born .
The deboers had the child .
They had tried for five years to adopt a baby and were at last successful they thought .
Their world was turned upside down the night their attorney john monroe called to say cara had changed her mind about the adoption and had lied about the father .
At this point just a few weeks after learning this was the true birth parents why not step back and let the child go back to them .
It was explained to us that the birth mother's right was voluntarily terminated .
We had all the paperwork stating so .
The birth father the new one daniel schmidt would have to prove that he was the birth father through blood testing .
If we were to break all ties that would mean that jessica would have had to go into foster care .
The stage was thus set for a lengthy legal battle over a child .
Robbie and jan <unk> fought on <unk> victory in each day they could be with the baby the birth parents believed they had virtually stolen away from them .
The act they contend took place right after birth when the <unk> lawyer knocked on the new mother's hospital door .
He said do you want to sign the release and she said this is what i want to do .
According to cara the attorney john monroe came to her hospital room forty hours after the baby's birth with papers for her to sign giving up the baby .
Iowa law requires a waiting period of seventy two hours after the birth .
Now with a birth father determined to get the baby back and the seventy two hour provision on her side things looked good for cara .
But then an iowa juvenile court ruled against her one month after the baby's birth .
It was an enormous setback .
Before that i went out and bought all the little clothes and the <unk> and the diapers and the <unk> bottles and formula because i thought she'd be home then .
The case of baby girl c. went back to the courts .
More arguments more months passed with a little girl's life and future still in doubt .
Will she continue to live here with jan a printer and robbie formerly an interior designer now a full time mother .
They have a stable marriage and roots in the comfortable suburban ann arbor community .
Or will the little girl wind up here in the schmidt family a big close knit iowa clan of parents and grandparents and kids who closely support each other .
Dan is a <unk> and cara an office worker .
On the legal front the deboers attacked the history of dan schmidt as a parent of two other children .
He has a boy now sixteen years old from a previous marriage and a daughter born out of wedlock who is thirteen .
To you dan the court said specifically you have a poor performance record as a parent .
That's because of what the deboers have said .
In fact the court said that dan schmidt had largely failed to financially support his other children and that he had failed to maintain meaningful contact with either of them .
The question of what kind of a parent you would make seems to be very relevant .
How can the public say what kind of parent i'm going to be .
Ask my son .
I mean he treats me like the greatest thing in the world and there's nobody that can say he doesn't because they don't know and if they ask me that's exactly what i'm going to say because i mean that's just the way it is .
The <unk> opinion of <unk> record as a parent .
You have two children out there .
Start caring for those children who need a father .
Both of those children are fatherless to this day .
The legal wrangling finally reached the iowa supreme court .
This past september by an eight to one vote they upheld a lower court ruling that custody of the baby should be transferred to daniel schmidt saying he was the father and the adoption process which had excluded him was fatally flawed .
Ironically in ruling against them the iowa court said the deboers provided exemplary care for the baby girl .
However the iowa courts did not even consider the issue of the best interest of the child that is whether she should remain with the deboers or be returned to the schmidts based on what would be in her best interest .
You can't say though that cara might not be just as much of a loving mother .
No and i don't think that's the argument .
We have got to watch out for jessica's well being .
There might be blood there blood ties but that does not change anything psychologically in jessica's mind .
We are her parents we are her only parents .
She's spent two years in another home .
When she looks upon the face of another woman she says <unk> when she looks upon the face of another man she says father .
Can that be reversed .
Can you recapture what they spent two years building in terms of a relationship with this child .
When she comes home she'll be surrounded by love and that's the best building block there is .
She'll feel safe she'll be able to explore she can ask us questions and say we'll say well you do that because your grandpa did that .
All her missing parts are here .
The deboers have defied the iowa high court ruling in favor of the biological parents' rights and have faced the threat of being held in contempt for keeping the child .
With the legal tide running against them they <unk> the courts in their home state of michigan to hear the case to determine if it would be better for the child to stay with them or be returned to the schmidts .
They won the first round .
On february twelfth judge william <unk> ruled it was in the child's best interest to remain with the deboers .
The decisions were a major setback for the schmidts but their grief did not deter them .
They pushed on and on july second the schmidts won the final round of appeals in michigan's supreme court .
But despite their legal victory what hurts them most is the deboers still have the baby .
Dan what to you is so important about getting this little girl back .
Because she's my child .
I want to raise her i want to be a father to her have my family .
As this legal marathon drags on a child has grown older and closer each day to a man and woman who in two weeks may have to send her to another mother and father who feel she was wrongly taken from them .
We should be able to rely on this justice system to follow the letter of the law which is to consider that she's a human being not a piece of luggage that she can just be tossed back and forth and that she will have permanent damage if she is removed .
Well there's yet another development in this very tangled and emotional story and tom is here he's going to talk to us about it when we come back .
Well in that custody battle the schmidts have won but baby jessica is still with the deboers .
And tom let me ask you first off how does it stand now .
Hugh as of august second the baby is due to be turned over to the schmidts by court order .
Now what the actual transfer what's that going to be like with all the acrimony between .
It's going to be very difficult because throughout this whole process for two and a half years these two families have been at odds greatly and turning over the baby will be difficult .
The deboers by the way are still continuing to battle legally .
They recently went to the steps of the u. s. supreme court and there they had a public rally presenting their point of view .
And hugh the attorneys for the deboers have now decided to file an appeal with the u. s. supreme court asking the court to stay the execution of the court order which calls for that august second turnover .
So they're still hoping to appeal and continue their efforts to appeal directly to the u. s. supreme court .
And that stay would not be a decision it would just be a stay .
No it would just halt the turnover .
It would in effect put everything in limbo until the u. s. supreme court might hear the whole case .
That's right .
Some think the court won't even accept the case .
Yeah .
Well the case was complicated at first because of the late determination of the biological father but there are other complications .
Right .
The long appeals process is what's hurt most in this case hugh .
Not the law but the appeals process which has gone on and on .
Thank you tom .
We'll be right back .
Monday night is day one the a. b. c. news magazine which airs at eight p. m. eastern time and here with a preview of the upcoming show is host forrest sawyer .
Hugh for all the talk about saving the nation's <unk> it turns out some people are stripping the national forests of trees to the tune of one hundred million dollars a year .
Timber thieves have been stealing from the forest for decades and the government has done little about it .
That story monday on day one .
Hugh .
We'll watch .
That's day one mondays at eight p. m. .
And don't forget to watch nightline after your local news .
Well that's it that's twenty twenty ths for tonight .
We thank you for being with us .
Remember we're in touch so you be in touch .
