May eleventh nineteen ninety four .
When one of the most conservative members of congress becomes a sudden fan of feminism .
It makes the anita hill story pale in comparison .
When presidential advisers are dispatched to counter tales of sexual harassment .
It's a giant political game between the right wing that is trying to stop the president's agenda .
That's all it is .
And when a former arkansas clerk can potentially derail a presidency .
I would call it sexual harassment .
It means the rough business of being president may have just become a little rougher .
I'm not going to <unk> this by a comment on it .
Tonight the politics of the paula jones affair .
This is a. b. c. news nightline .
Reporting from washington ted koppel .
It is spring here in washington and hypocrisy is in full bloom .
President clinton's political enemies who can barely contain their glee over the paula jones allegations have discovered how deeply committed they are to the cause of rooting out sexual harassment .
Many of the president's supporters on the other hand who had no trouble at all bridging the gap between allegations and conclusions when it came to anita hill's charges against clarence thomas have now become <unk> to the distinction .
Allegations they now appear to be saying are inappropriate topics for discussion .
It is as always simply a question of whose ox is gored .
We in the media of course are guarding our sacred turf between the <unk> and the parking lot owners .
We got it we sell it we've still got it .
Scandals make good copy no matter who's involved .
In the meanwhile whatever the merits of ms. <unk> allegations the president and his defenders have to take appropriate measures and oh yes he has to run the executive branch of government .
As nightline correspondent chris bury reports these things have a life of their own .
For conservative republicans the sordid spectacle of the clarence thomas hearings left a terrible taste .
I think that this today is a travesty .
I think that it is disgusting .
After all anita hill's allegations of sexual harassment first leaked by liberal democrats nearly derailed his nomination .
Such hardball politics had already destroyed republican john <unk> bid for defense secretary .
Democrats had used stories of drunkenness and womanizing against him .
And it's just humiliating what he did to me .
But now that paula jones a former arkansas state employee has accused the president of once making unwanted sexual advances conservatives are crying hypocrisy to the muted reactions of feminists and liberals .
What was the liberal spin .
The liberal spin on anita hill why she was a saint .
The liberal spin on paula jones is that she's a bimbo .
It's a giant political game between the right wing that is trying to stop the president's agenda .
That's all it is plain and simple .
There's no sort of doubt about it .
It's not about hypocrisy it's not about anything it's about playing politics .
How else to explain the i believe paula button on the coat of anita hill bashing republican robert dornan .
How else to explain the cautious reserve of traditionally outspoken feminist groups .
Conservatives too say it's all about politics .
Because if you get the number one radical feminist organization in the country the national organization for women saying we've heard her allegations we're in a wait and see position we'd have to say that that is absolute quintessential hypocrisy .
They didn't wait and see with anita .
Why are they waiting and seeing with paula .
We're not going to be baited by conservatives .
They've never been on the side of defending women's rights .
They've attacked the whole concept the legal concept of sexual harassment repeatedly .
The news media has also been accused of hypocrisy accused of burying the paula jones story .
He presented <unk> to me in a very unprofessional manner and i would call it sexual harassment .
Jones made her charges public in february at the conservative political action conference but the mainstream media gave the story such short <unk> conservative activists bought newspaper ads to protest .
Not until this month after the president hired a heavyweight washington lawyer did paula jones make the front pages .
Editors say her story raised too many nagging questions .
Who is this woman .
What are her motives .
How did she handle herself .
Who is she being who is she associating with .
Why did she go to the conservative political action committee .
Why did she align herself so closely with cliff jackson a clinton hating republican in arkansas who would do anything say anything take any steps in order to destroy clinton .
As the troopers explained it the standard procedure in a case like this was for one of them to inform the hotel that the governor needed a room for a short time .
Cliff jackson a clinton arch enemy peddled the paula jones story at a convention attended by some of the same activists who had tried to smear anita hill .
Jones has also been embraced by the religious right .
Patrick mahoney the national spokesman for operation rescue is one of her handlers and pat <unk> christian broadcasting network has taken up her cause .
Her story has the potential to bring down the clinton presidency but the media won't cover it .
All of that raises the question is the comparison of anita hill and paula jones even a valid one .
And i think the differences between anita hill and paula jones are far more profound than any similarities .
First of all anita hill did not go before a democratic or a liberal sponsored group .
She was not a pawn if you will of activists the way the way paula jones has been .
Secondly anita hill worked for the person she was accusing .
Paula jones was very much in an employer employee situation .
The governor obviously is the highest office you can hold in the state .
We also know that clarence thomas was never alleged to have touched anita hill .
Paula jones has made very clear the allegations that she was indeed touched by then governor bill clinton .
The politics of the paula jones case no matter how messy could have serious consequences for the president .
I'm not going to <unk> this by a comment on it .
He started to put his hands and slide up my legs .
I pushed him back .
I got away .
Now that a lawsuit has been filed the legal fight promises to be long expensive and embarrassing .
Once the motion for dismissal is turned down and i expect it will be turned down the attorneys for paula jones have a green light to start asking questions relevant questions about the president's past .
Some of that will go not to this case but other possible liaisons that may have been arranged by bodyguards or liaisons that occurred on governmental property or in governmental vehicles .
All of that is potentially relevant to establish a pattern .
That is why the president's lawyers eager to get the lawsuit dismissed have suggested jones filed it in the hopes of gaining money or a job .
This suit is about publicity it's about talk shows it's about money .
But how does a president of modest means pay for all that high priced legal talent .
Washington attorney robert bennett bills at more than four hundred dollars an hour and the prospect of a legal defense fund for a sitting president raises sticky ethical issues .
We don't like people giving money to a president .
We want to know who those people are .
But if it's public knowledge who's giving money to the president then he might feel beholden to them .
I think that the democratic national committee ought to pay it because it's not legal bills it's political bills .
This whole thing is driven all by politics plain and simple one hundred percent .
No matter who pays such a legal nightmare for the president could ultimately be a political win for his enemies and for the white house that is a genuine fear .
The paula jones case could accomplish in the courts what mr. clinton's conservative detractors have failed to do in congress put his agenda on hold .
This is chris bury for nightline in washington .
And when we come back we'll be joined by presidential adviser mandy grunwald and by conservative political activist bay buchanan .
Mandy grunwald was an adviser to president bill clinton when he was a candidate for the presidency and is now one of his top political and media advisers .
She joins us from our new york bureau .
Bay buchanan was the patrick of was the manager of brother patrick buchanan's presidential campaign and is now the head of a conservative education foundation .
She joins us from our washington bureau .
Mandy let me if i may begin with you .
What i always enjoy about james carville is he gets right to the point .
Politics pure and simple but i would say to you why not .
It was politics pure and simple when clarence thomas was sitting before the senate judiciary committee and the democrats and the liberal democrats in particular were pushing it like gangbusters not because of the merits of the case but because it made good politics to do it .
Let me add one more thing to the story .
It's not just about politics it's about cash .
I think there's a fundamental difference here between anita hill and paula jones and it's about money .
Whether you believed anita hill or you didn't she never offered to sell her silence for money .
I think that's a very serious thing .
Paula <unk> lawyers offered her silence in exchange for money in exchange for a job for herself for her husband in california .
She already had figured out how to <unk> up the t. v. and the movie rights with her lawyer on exactly how much money they'd each make .
Her own sister says that she smelled money in this .
I think this is a story about a woman who's trying to shake down the president of the united states .
I think this is a very different story .
Yeah but that part of it you as a presidential adviser don't need to worry about .
What you do need to worry about is that your political opponents are going to be able to make hay out of this thing just as the political opponents of clarence thomas were able to make hay out of his .
Well i think that it's very clear what's going on here .
I don't know what ms. <unk> motives are other than the money but she obviously has hooked up with every right wing extremist in this country .
And i don't know if she's being manipulated by them or who's working on who but you obviously have a lot of pat robertson jerry falwell you named them all .
They're all in this they're all trying to destroy the president and stop his agenda .
Yeah that's something to reckon with and they'd prefer to talk about paula jones than argue about the economy or health care or any of the substantive issues the president is trying to address .
Let me let me try the same line of questioning with you bay and that is isn't this simply a case of <unk> is fair play .
We have we have arrived at a point in this country where we set out to win or destroy an opponent in any way that we can and if bringing along someone like paula jones to make certain allegations is the way to do it then we do it just as the case was just as the anita hill clarence thomas case .
Ted there's no question that in politics is an extraordinarily brutal business .
I've been in twenty years joined it just a week after watergate and ever since then we've had casualties and <unk> across the battlefield with people attacking individuals on personal grounds .
And it started with nixon i think it went into judge bork and judge thomas .
We had senator tower we had a number of other ones bruce herschensohn just last a couple of years ago out there in california and it seems to me if you look around that the wounded and the casualties are predominantly republicans .
It's the democrats that started this they felt it was fair play and that chicken got big and fat and is now coming home to roost in the democratic camp .
It's a terrible tragedy for america and when mandy says this is about money i'm afraid it's not necessarily just about politics it's about character and that's the real problem that we face today is the character of the president of the united states .
Is character a legitimate issue when one votes in an election .
I believe it is .
I guess the appropriate question to ask there bay is if character was an appropriate question to raise it was indeed raised during the campaign .
Is it not an appropriate issue to set aside until the next campaign .
It is ted if we are talking about issues that were aired and the american people said put it aside .
But what we're talking about here is an allegation clearly just an allegation but an allegation of lewd and indeed criminal behavior on the part of the president of the united states .
The president is never above the law as is anyone is not in this nation and so we have to follow it through .
We should turn it over to the courts let them decide which of these two individuals is telling the truth and which one is lying and let the courts resolve it .
But it is a it is a terrible statement that we have allowed something like this these kind of allegations to be allowed to run along here and truly the problem here is the president has a pattern of these kind of allegations hanging around his neck .
If this was isolated ted if it was somebody making this allegation against a jimmy carter none of us would be here tonight talking about it .
Well i've got to say ted rush limbaugh is the one conservative who's been candid about this whole issue of character .
He said on your own show a couple of weeks ago that the reason that he and others were trying to attack the president's character was to stop health care reform .
I thought that was the most refreshing thing anybody said because instead of all these high horses at least he told the truth .
These people are trying to replay the election .
They don't like the result .
Mandy .
And they don't like what is happening .
Mandy let me ask you something .
If you looked just now you saw again judge thomas .
His he the allegation against him was nothing like this and yet he came out there he recognized the greatest asset he had was his reputation and someone was trying to steal it .
It was with real indignation and anger coming out of every <unk> as he stood there before that senate and said i can't believe this .
Where is the president .
I ask him come out tomorrow and say i am furious that someone would say this about me .
It is categorically untrue and i have asked one of the best attorneys in this country to make certain my reputation is protected .
I don't see that .
I see a an attorney saying he didn't do it .
I don't see the president i don't see the indignation .
Let him say it and let us all put it to rest and let it be resolved in the courts and only in the courts .
I'll tell you what mandy take a couple of minutes to come up with .
I thank her for thank bay for the media advice though for the president .
Well to you know save your indignation for a couple of minutes and we'll come back with it .
We'll be back in just a moment .
Mandy grunwald one of the one of the things i think we have here is sort of the political equivalent of a tribal blood feud .
There is a certain i mean here is judge thomas who quite clearly was traumatized by those hearings has barely said a word since he has sat on the supreme court and now there seems to be a sense that the same kind of thing has to be done to bill clinton .
Well i think this is part of a pattern not just of these groups being concerned about this allegation but all of these extremist groups who have been opposing this president since the day he got elected .
I mean look at who's involved here .
We've got jerry falwell we've got pat robertson .
No we've done that we've done that mandy and the point i'm trying to make here is i guess i'm asking both of you but i'm asking you first how do you ever put a stop to this kind of thing you did it to our guy we're going to do it to your guy and if they are successful lord knows what happens the next time down the road .
I would hope that right thinking republicans understand that this is the presidency we're talking about and there are so many tremendous issues at stake for the country so much the republicans and democrats could be doing together .
We have a crime bill that i think is going to be passed in a bipartisan way in the next couple of weeks a health care bill that also should be passed in a bipartisan way welfare reform .
I would hope that there is a way that republicans and democrats can limit their differences to ideological ones argue the merits of different issues different approaches to health care reform and get past this undermining of the presidency .
I think this is a different case than the thomas case mostly as i said because of the money involved and the questions that raises to me about ms. <unk> credibility but also because this is after the fact .
Where was this woman during the campaign in that exploratory process .
Remember anita hill was a republican who came forward during the course of the hearings when the question about whether judge thomas was suitable for the court was before the country .
The question of whether bill clinton should be president has already been resolved by the american people .
All right .
Let me stop you on that one mandy and ask for <unk> reaction here because you've made a number of interesting points .
The money on the one hand and the fact of the matter that here we have a president whose business is all of our business and it does make a difference .
As important as a supreme court justice is a sitting president to handicap him at a time like this handicaps all of us doesn't it .
It does ted and it's a real tragedy there's no question about it .
The president should be allowed to focus on an agenda .
I would hope that the republicans will focus on the issues because we have to do our best to stop the health care plan he's trying to propose .
I think we should have philosophical debates on these things .
But i'll tell you what's happened here is these things have a life of their own .
This is paula jones is not part of the conservative movement .
I certainly have never met her .
She's a young girl a high school graduate who then went on to some <unk> school a working class woman who stepped forward .
She was certainly adopted by a number of very prominent conservatives .
She was and i think now i believe this is the reason for that .
I think it was very legitimate when she came out because her name was in a national publication that said she had agreed to be a girlfriend of the president .
She was protecting her reputation .
Prior to that nobody had her name publicly known she kept it quiet .
The name comes out she says i'm going to protect my reputation .
Then what happens .
She's working class she's not an ivy league attorney who's a professor at a university who has a lot of knowledge about the law and has all the help of the feminists across the country .
She's a working class woman who knows no knowledge of law goes to a friend of hers who's a real estate attorney who also doesn't know what he's doing in this area or in any area of politics .
They take one wrong turn after another .
I'm the first to admit it .
But if the feminists had been there and had said listen we put on seminars that state categorically women tell the truth if they had said she deserves her day in court come given her the kind of expertise she would have had we wouldn't have need the conservatives we could have focused on the agenda .
But they weren't doing that .
They were going to let her hang out there to dry with carville and their buddies calling them <unk> and trailer park queens and attacking the personalities of these individuals .
That's why conservatives stepped in .
Let me let me get mandy in on this point because it's a legitimate point mandy .
The feminists on this issue have been terribly quiet and it's all well and good to say it's only allegations nothing has been proven .
It was only allegations when anita hill made them .
I think a lot of women are very troubled by what's happened with this charge because we take sexual harassment very seriously and to see it politicized like this and turned into a tabloid issue like this is very troubling .
I think a lot of women's groups have been very hesitant because of the questions that i've raised here tonight about her story .
However she came forward and however she hooked up with these right wing groups it was she who went for the money in this story it was she who i think has undermined her own credibility by focusing on the t. v. rights and the tabloid and the trash for cash aspects of this .
When you try to shake down the president of the united states people are going to raise questions about your credibility and i don't care whether you're a college professor .
You know .
Or from a trailer park that is a basic question you have to deal with .
Bay you've got the last word .
We've got thirty seconds .
Listen she has stated categorically she will take no money whatsoever if she receives any she'll turn it over to charity .
Not in terms of .
This woman is after her reputation .
Not in terms of the movie and book rights she hasn't bay .
Right .
Correct .
Hee hee .
Well anita hill has done well on that count as well hasn't she .
All right .
I thank both of you very much bay buchanan mandy grunwald .
Thanks ted .
Good of you to join us .
I'll be back in just a moment .
Tomorrow night on primetime if you have a date with the movers primetime has a warning .
Their undercover cameras found some violations you'll want to know about .
That's tomorrow on this a. b. c. station .
And that's our report for tonight .
I'm ted koppel in washington .
