Thanks for joining us .
Bernard shaw is off today .
Hillary rodham clinton was on capitol hill today telling law makers about the clinton administration's health care reform plan .
She's proven she can field more that soft ball questions but did she hit any home runs .
C. n. n.'s bob franken has been covering her congressional testimony all day .
He joins us now from capitol hill .
Bob .
Well judy first of all i should point out that mrs. clinton has always impressed the members of congress up here with her huge grasp of the details .
It was that way today .
There was nobody sitting at her table nobody handing her notes .
But as for the questions they were as you described them for the most part soft ball questions .
Now you mentioned personal reference and my reference is my mom .
What can you add to reassure mother .
Well let me start i have a mother too mr. stark so if we can't pass the mother test we're not going to be succeed are we .
We're in trouble .
We can reduce the rate of increase in the medicare program without in any way undermining quality .
Now if all we were to do though is to say go out and reduce it without on the private side trying to make some of these charges which the medicare people have been on the forefront of trying to figure out how to initiate and to reward .
I feel very comfortable telling my mother that the kind of care that i want her to have can be delivered in a cost effective high quality way and there are many places around this country that are doing a better job .
Can you join me today in promising the american people that no new benefits will be adopted and implemented until after real and sufficient <unk> savings have been achieved .
We think mr. thomas the savings go hand in hand with the benefits .
Under the president's plan the reduction in the rate of increase in medicare and medicaid would be used in part to fund new benefits namely prescription drugs for the elderly and a beginning on a long term care proposal .
They go hand in hand .
One doesn't precede or following the other .
If revenues from taxing cigarettes decline do you think the administration would consider taking other like substances like caffeine cholesterol salt sugar alcohol and putting a tax on those like substances .
Well mr. <unk> first of all there is no free lunch in this health care plan .
It is not going to be free everybody's going to be paying something .
Even people who are on medicaid now will be paying something if they work unlike today .
If there is way that you can ever come up with tax substances like the ones you've just named we'll be glad to look at it .
I've not seen any that would be realistically implemented .
My compliments to you my compliments to the president of the united states for addressing this problem and i hope that by the end of this congress it will be on the president's desk you standing at his side for signature .
Thank you very much for joining us mrs. clinton .
The reaction of the house ways and means committee this morning for mrs. clinton bordered on ecstasy .
It was only slightly more reserved this afternoon when she testified before the house energy and commerce committee .
Many of the people who choose not to be insured or who get good rates for insurance are young predominantly single healthy americans and they right now are either paying less than the rest of us because they are young and healthy or are choosing not to be insured .
They are among the categories of americans and we estimate this is about ten to twelve percent of americans who will pay more for about the same kind of benefits .
Mrs. clinton tomorrow moves over to the senate side where she starts the day testifying before the senate labor and human resources committee chaired by senator edward kennedy .
I think it's an understatement judy to say that so far so good for mrs. clinton .
Thanks bob .
Tomorrow i'm going to ask you about that <unk> sitting on the table with her .
