Why has the story of one young child captured the attention of so many people .
Is that twelve year old gregory k. survived a miserable childhood amid poverty alcoholism too many foster homes or is it more that this child all by himself decided he'd had enough .
He hired his own lawyer so he could cut off all legal ties to his natural parents and be adopted by his foster parents a plan incidentally his mother has been just as determined to stop .
The case is about to go to trial and tonight for the first time ever you will see and hear from the boy who is trying to divorce his parents .
Barbara this being your story what are your thoughts on it before you start it .
Oh i have a lot of thoughts .
Well hugh this is not just a landmark decision it's also the case of one boy and his future .
This may be the most moving story i've done in years .
It seems everyone has an opinion about this child and why he doesn't want to go back to his mother so we'll let him explain in his own words .
I just think people think that i'm just doing this because my mom wouldn't give me a nintendo .
That's not why i'm doing it .
I'm doing it so i can be happy .
He's a twelve year old boy who has generated an avalanche of headlines and editorials as the kid who is divorcing his parents .
At the republican convention pat buchanan used this case to attack the family <unk> of the democratic party and hillary clinton .
And what does hillary believe .
Well hillary believes that twelve year olds should have the right to sue their parents .
The twelve year old boy who is creating so much commotion lives in central florida .
To protect his real identity we'll call him gregory k. the name he uses in the lawsuit he's filed against his parents and the state of florida .
Gregory's case is unprecedented .
He's attempting to cut the legal cord that ties him to his natural parents .
The controversy surrounding this case centers on one question .
If a child claims that he's been abused abandoned or neglected by his parents can he take matters into his own hands .
Gregory k. argues that he fell through the cracks of the very system set up to protect him .
His lawsuit describes his father as an abusive alcoholic his mother a woman with whom he's spent less than a year since he was four years old .
For much of his short life gregory has been bounced from foster home to foster home .
Finally he said enough .
At what point do parents lose the right to raise their own child .
I just can't believe that a child eleven twelve years old can tell their whole family just to go jump in the lake .
How can you trade one family in for another .
I don't understand it .
I really don't understand it .
I have every right and want to be a part of watching my son grow and turn into a young man .
That is my <unk> child and and i need him .
And i need him his brothers need him he needs to come home and be with us .
Rachel i have the complaint that was filed in florida .
It says gregory k. a minor child your son against you .
The state of florida has found gregory k. was found to have been abandoned abused or neglected by his natural parents .
Abandoned neglected does that sound like you .
Absolutely not .
You don't think that he was neglected .
I know he was not neglected .
We were young when we had these children o. k. and we made some mistakes .
But we've both turned our lives around and we're both trying really hard for these children .
Ralph k. is gregory's father .
He and his wife rachel have lived apart for almost ten years .
Gregory's two brothers now live with their mother and her boyfriend steve hack in this working class neighborhood in saint louis .
You were married at seventeen .
Yes .
By the time you were twenty one you had three children .
Why did you leave your husband .
My husband had problems of his own he couldn't work out alcoholism for one .
When gregory was just four years old his father took him to colorado .
Did you try to prevent that .
I voluntarily let them go for a visit .
Gregory and his brothers .
It was supposed to be a one month visit .
And it lasted four years .
Yes .
He would not return the child home .
He wanted to keep him .
For almost four years gregory lived here in denver with his father .
Rachel says she lost track of them after the first year .
She would say i'm going to send you a christmas card .
It would be two three four months we'd never hear from rachel .
And all of a sudden she'd call up in the middle of the night and say i want to talk to the children .
In nineteen eighty nine ralph moved to florida with eight year old gregory .
Unable to find work he and gregory ended up in this trailer park for the homeless .
Yes i did live with him in a homeless shelter .
Yes i did .
But i never abandoned my child .
He stayed right with me .
Every day gregory called his mother collect from a pay phone begging her to come pick him up .
I loved her then but she'd never come get me .
Gregory's transient life with his father ended when clearwater police received a nine hundred eleven call .
They said that i'd had too much to drink that night that i was incapable of taking care of him and i was taking care of him fine .
There was no problem .
According to the police report gregory said his father punched pushed and slapped him after he had been drinking .
Police called rachel and told her to come pick up her son .
For the first time in four and a half years rachel had all three of her children back .
All i ever did was want gregory back and when i finally got him returned to me i couldn't have been happier .
And i had to start to get to re know my son because he had grown .
And then you gave him away again .
I didn't give him away .
Well you put him in a foster home .
I wasn't able to handle the whole thing alone without without any help from the state or anyone else at that time .
Gregory became case number nine hundred five thousand two hundred forty five .
He and his two brothers joined almost eleven thousand foster children caught in the bureaucracy of florida's health and rehabilitative services h. r. s. .
It was nineteen ninety when rachel got the children back .
She was working in a local restaurant earning almost one thousand dollars a month .
She and a roommate were living in this sprawling orlando apartment complex .
Two months later she was <unk> and once again put her children in foster care .
Eight year old zachary and ten year old jeremiah are gregory's two younger brothers .
Were you mad at mommy when she put you in the foster home .
Yes .
Did you understand why she had to do it .
Yes .
She didn't have enough money to take care of us and she thought it was best .
Aha .
Are you .
But it wasn't .
Are you afraid that you might have to go into foster care again .
Number .
She promised me .
But life in and out of foster homes has left jeremiah emotionally scarred .
H. r. s. reports describe his recurrent nightmares about being abandoned .
Do you think you're going to stay here with mommy .
I don't know .
So maybe you think mommy might put you in foster care again .
I don't know .
Number .
You don't know .
You originally put your children into foster care because you couldn't support them is that right .
Yes .
Right .
And then you took them out and said now you're going to be here forever more o. k. .
Right .
And then you put them back in foster care just two months later .
We had already lost our home .
I mean i was worried about where we were going to spend the next night and so i went to the proper authorities for help .
This time rachel handed over her two oldest sons to an h. r. s. caseworker .
The boys were quickly separated .
Gregory was sent to two different foster homes before ending up at the lake county boys' ranch a facility that handles up to twenty four boys at a time .
It was his third home in as many months .
Gregory tearfully told a caseworker all he wanted was a place to be .
It was here almost a year later that gregory caught the eye of a local attorney who was touring the facility on county business .
And as we came by one of the rooms there was one little boy that was sitting in the room on his bed and he was reading a book all by himself .
And i couldn't i honestly could not explain to you why he caught my attention .
I just saw him and couldn't get him off my mind after that .
So liz george comes home and says i saw this child .
Actually he didn't say anything to me for a couple of days .
And it was like in the middle of the night one night he woke me up .
I remember laying there for a long time and not being able to sleep .
It just was a feeling that i needed to do something for this child .
His heart went out to him and he just said do you think we could do something for him .
Do you think we could take him .
What did you say .
I said yes i will do it .
A few weeks later george and liz invited gregory to lunch .
I simply asked him if we could become approved as foster parents would he be interested in coming to live with us .
And his face brightened up and he smiled and said yes you know he would be he would love to do that .
Just to make things clear you didn't go to the boys ranch to try to find a child .
In no way were we looking to have another child at that point .
George and his wife liz have eight children of their own .
They life in a comfortable upper middle class home in a small florida town where liz is a homemaker .
At age four blake is the youngest twenty one year old robert their <unk> .
After his first weekend visit here gregory realized his dream of being adopted by a loving family could come true .
Do you remember how you first talked to your foster parents about wanting them to adopt you .
The first visit i asked him if he would adopt me .
Did you think he would say yes .
I didn't know .
I hoped he would say yes but i knew there was a possibility that he'd say no .
You have said that what you want is a place to be .
Mm hmm .
What do you mean by that .
I just want a place where i feel safe and i'm happy and i know people will always be there for me and i think this is the place .
Last october gregory moved in with his new foster parents and quickly became a member of the family .
We had been waiting waiting for him to come and the children were anticipating and so they were real excited about it .
He came right in just like he'd always lived here and that amazed me .
In some ways it was a lot easier than we all expected .
Home video captured gregory's twelfth birthday celebrated with his new family his first vacation and an affectionate moment with his foster father .
What do you call your foster parents .
I call my foster parents mom and dad .
And you feel they are .
Mm hmm .
The question now was could gregory be officially adopted .
At that point in time i figured that getting gregory eligible for adoption would not be a difficult thing because of the lack of interest that had been shown by his parents for reunification .
Tom manning is executive director of the boys ranch where young boys like gregory wait for the state to make a decision on whether they'll be returned to their parents or put up for adoption .
By law children are not supposed to remain in foster care for more than a year .
After eighteen months the state is required to terminate parental rights or return the child to his parents .
But that legal limit is rarely enforced .
When gregory first met his new foster family he had been in foster care for almost two years .
His mother had not called or written to him in the entire time he had been at the boys ranch .
We were told that she hadn't done anything and she probably wouldn't and we would probably be able to adopt him .
Rachel how did you first learn that gregory wanted to be adopted .
Actually my h. r. s. worker said the foster parents wanted to meet with me and so i decided to meet with them and i wanted to tell them thank you for taking good care of my son and found out that they wanted to adopt him .
What was your reaction .
How did you feel .
I couldn't believe it at first because i thought that when i saw gregory and was able to show him that we had a good home that he would want to come home .
But gregory had decided his mother had had her last chance .
He had found a place to be and was determined to be adopted .
It was liz who got the call from h. r. s. telling her gregory's file was no longer being processed for adoption .
His mother rachel wanted him back .
I think my wife originally got the call and she called me at work and she said well what should i do .
Should i tell him .
They want to send him back to his biological family against his wishes .
I did what i think was the proper thing to do .
I said bring him to my office .
I sat him down and i told him first of all what had transpired that his parents wanted him to come back .
He immediately and very adamantly said i will not go back .
I won't go back .
So i asked my foster father what i could do to stay with him and he told me i could call a lawyer .
And then i asked him like if he has anybody he knows that is a good lawyer and he told me my lawyer jerri blair and he told me her phone number and i called her .
Jerri blair is a florida attorney who has earned a reputation defending children's rights .
After hearing gregory's story she agreed to take his case for free .
From the moment that he walked into my office i could tell that he was a very determined child .
My reaction was one of wanting to help him immediately of believing him .
It's a case that has to do with allowing little children to come to the court in order to protect themselves when all else fails to help them to save them from falling through the cracks in a system that is full of cracks because the system is failing all over this country .
You seem to know very much what you want .
All the kids know what they want they just don't speak up about it .
Your attorney said that you might have a better chance if your case was filed by an adult and you said no you wanted it to be in your name .
Why .
Because i knew if i put it in my name it would make it different .
It wouldn't be some adult doing it it'd be a child doing it and it would make it different and it might be able to help other children .
It's like if we win this case then they won't be able to put children in foster care so long as they do and if they do they can come to court .
When we come back the stunning conclusion of gregory's story a new and disturbing twist that could have a big impact on the upcoming court battle .
Stay with us .
The only thing certain about the outcome of the gregory k. case it will generate strong debate not only in your own family but in court as well .
Next week a florida judge will hear two very different stories .
Now you will hear from the participants and the arguments they will make in court .
Whatever the judge decides it will forever change the life of one little boy .
Gregory's lawsuit generated a media frenzy from the beginning .
Attorney jerri blair was determined that gregory would be the first minor child in the united states allowed to take a case of this kind to court .
The case provides that children are people and should be treated like people by the florida courts .
Outside the courtroom gregory's father made an announcement to the media .
I cannot take a chance on destroying this child's life .
I mean i love him .
Ralph had signed the papers allowing his son to be adopted .
Let the child be healthy and strong .
So leave him where he is .
Yes leave him where he's at .
He's happy .
Last july a hearing took place behind closed doors to protect gregory's identity .
After three hours of testimony orlando circuit court judge thomas kirk handed down a landmark ruling twelve year old gregory had won the right to sue his parents in the state of florida .
The case goes to trial next week .
Gregory will ask judge kirk to terminate his parents' rights and allow him to be adopted by his foster parents .
In page after page of court documents he describes a life of abandonment and abuse at the hands of his natural parents .
Do you think you could ever forgive your mother if you went back to her .
I've forgiven her already .
She says like i was a very misunderstood child .
I'm not misunderstood i know what i'm doing .
And i don't hate her that's not why i don't want to go back .
You don't want people to know who you are .
Mm hmm .
Well then why did you decide to go on television and talk to me .
I just want people to know that that i'm doing the right thing and that nobody's telling me what to do <unk> .
I don't feel that it's up to the twelve year old to decide where he's gonna live .
No .
Attorney jane carey is representing gregory's mother rachel who is fighting to keep her son .
This is his natural mother who has made mistakes in the past who has rehabilitated herself and would like to regain custody of her child .
So are we pitting the preservation of the family against what children want their wishes .
Can we do that in america .
This is not a case that would allow children to run willy <unk> to the courts and seek to sue their parents for frivolous matters .
This child feels that he has been abandoned completely by his mother .
She left me in the foster home for a year .
She didn't call me or anything .
And right when she found out i was happy and i wanted to stay where i was she decided oh well i don't want you to be adopted so i'm not going to let you .
I'm going to try to get you back .
Your real mother says that if you don't come back you'll always feel guilty you'll always regret it .
Number .
She'll be the one <unk> it that she didn't take care of me .
I won't regret it because i'll be happy where i am .
Would you want to see her at all .
I don't know now .
I'll have to wait till that time comes .
He is just a child .
He does not have the emotional maturity to even be making these decisions .
He's twelve years old .
He knows what he needs and he knows that for twelve years those needs were not met .
The child has not been abused abandoned or neglected by me and if they are going to have a test case it should be for a child who really needs the help of someone like jerri blair who could be an advocate for the child that really needed to be taken from his parents .
There can be in the future plenty of gregory <unk> deciding that i'm going to sue my parents because they're unable to care for me financially and that's the danger of this case .
People are going to listen to this and say my six year old my four year old you've got a four year old one day you're angry at the four year old the four year old says i want to leave you i heard about this whatever .
That's why we have judges and the issue in this case is not whether or not the child can select his parents .
The issue is does he have the same right that the parent does to come into court and have a zealous advocate present his viewpoint to the court .
What are you going to say to the judge .
I'm just going to tell him the truth and everything that happened .
Like what .
Like how my mom would go out and party all the time and leave me at home and stuff .
I'll tell her that .
And she says she didn't but she did .
Jeremiah why do you think gregory doesn't want to come back .
They told him your mother doesn't love you your father doesn't love you don't go home .
Here's a skateboard here's ten bucks here's twenty bucks here's some money .
Don't love your parents .
I was never told my mom didn't love me .
I was always told my mom loved me but not by her .
By other people .
H. r. s. reports indicate rachel repeatedly ignored this child during his time in foster care .
Over and over <unk> quote rachel saying she wanted her children placed for adoption .
The mother did not want to care for her children any longer and wanted them out of her home .
I truly believe that if gregory had to was ordered to come to missouri i truly believe gregory would get over the situation and live happily ever after with his brothers and his mother .
Jane carey will argue in court that gregory's two younger brothers live in a safe neighborhood and have a stable home .
Rachel has been living in missouri with steve hack for the past year .
He says he loves her two children as his own .
Steve is working to turn the basement of the home into a <unk> .
Gregory's bedroom is waiting for him .
But rachel is unemployed and steve's work is sporadic .
You have two children currently living with you you are now on welfare and you want your third child to come back .
What is different now than when you had to put your children into foster homes in the past .
Money is not the issue .
It should not be an issue here at all .
Yes i'm receiving help from the state right now but that's not a permanent plan for me .
I have goals for myself and my family .
When he was born gregory was born into a working class family .
He's decided that he doesn't want to be a working class person anymore .
He's a new person now .
He's taken on a new name .
He doesn't have to be poor gregory anymore .
You've told people that you think gregory wants to stay with his foster parents because they can give him things that you can't .
Is that right .
I think that's part of it yes absolutely without a doubt .
Like what .
My children go to the public pool gregory goes to the country club to go swimming .
I wasn't able to speak with my son on his birthday .
The foster family was away at their beach condo that week something i would never be able to do at this point .
Your real mother says that one of the reasons you want to live here is because you have so many things like you've got a <unk> and you have nintendo .
My mom she has a nintendo .
And before she put me in foster care she had a <unk> .
So how's it different .
The kind of things that he wants are feeling safe feeling secure feeling that everything is going to be o. k. that's what .
Somebody to trust that's the kinds of things he wants that he that rachel was not able to give him that we can give him .
We saw a little boy that needed to be loved .
We saw a little boy that needed stability in his life who wasn't getting it from his parents who wasn't getting it from the state .
We reached out to that child we've tried to give him a place to be .
If you could talk to gregory's foster parents what would you say .
I would say thank you very much for doing your job since you're employed by the state and thank you for being good foster parents to my son and i hope the next little child you help you do just as good a job .
See you later .
What does gregory call you .
Mom .
I don't feel for her like a mom i feel for her like a person like i do you or somebody else .
Do you know your real mother very well .
Number .
I can't before the first time i ever went to visit her i didn't even know what she looked like .
And how old were you then .
It was just like two months ago .
Oh .
When your mother came to see you you had forgotten what she looks like .
It had been that long .
Like two years .
He's only lived with his mother for seven months out of the last eight years .
Although h. r. s. was threatening to terminate her parental rights court documents show rachel failed to cooperate time after time with <unk> trying to reunite her with gregory .
It's a litany of broken promises .
This summer in preparation for the trial rachel visited with gregory for the first time in almost two years .
The meetings took place at the boys ranch .
You had recent visits with gregory .
He didn't want those visits .
No he didn't .
He needed to have a visit at our home .
He needs to come and spend some time with the family little by little and be integrated into the family .
Has gregory ever met steve .
No he has not yet .
Steve hack the man rachel plans to marry has become the target of a number of allegations in gregory's lawsuit .
Steve you have a criminal record and that will probably be brought up in court .
Well everybody makes mistakes in the past .
That was a long time ago .
I feel that it has nothing to do with this case .
While steve is going to be the father at least living in the house as the father as i understand it it was a record for attempted robbery .
Was that a long time back .
Yes .
<unk> criminal history includes that armed robbery drug possession receiving stolen goods and driving while intoxicated .
It has also been alleged that you have physically abused rachel .
Number .
Do you know where such a story would even come from .
I have no idea .
Do you rachel .
No i don't .
I would not live in a physically abusive relationship for my child my children's sake or my own .
That's not true and i feel that they're grasping at straws because they really have no basis for this case .
When you say to gregory look you might have to go back to your mother what does he say .
He says i won't go back .
I won't go .
It would be a devastating thing for him .
He would not adjust to that to the environment that he would be going back to .
Do you think that you have done anything wrong .
No not wrong .
If i had one choice to make over again in my life it would be that i would never have put the children in foster care .
I would have rather lived on the street with them than have us be separated any longer because of any of this .
If i had known any of this would happen i would have just as soon slept in the park with them .
Do you feel sorry for her .
Yes .
Because i'm a mother too and i don't the first time i ever met her i felt my heart went out to her .
I wouldn't want to lose one of my children .
And if i could say that to her i'm not trying to take her child away .
I just want to help him and it's the way the best way to help him now is by being a mother to him and that's what i want to do .
In the past few months rachel has been confronted with hundreds of pages of documents exhibits that will be used against her in court to prove her an unfit mother .
This court document shows h. r. s. is now also suing rachel to terminate her parental rights but rachel is still clinging to the hope that she will not lose her son .
If i lose yes i've thought about losing .
I suppose i couldn't i would have to look at it that i wasn't really losing because that i could just hope that some day gregory would come home .
But rachel's chances of getting gregory returned home may have ended three weeks ago .
Our investigation has uncovered an incident that paints a disturbing picture of life inside rachel's home .
Listen to the terrified call police received at three thirty a. m. from gregory's eight year old brother zachary .
Emergency nine hundred eleven .
My <unk> he pushed my mom down the stairs and she's bleeding all over .
Do you need an ambulance hon .
He's beating up on her and he's coming .
Your <unk> beating up on your mom .
Does she need an ambulance .
I don't know but i've gotta get off quick .
Police arrested steve hack on third degree assault charges .
I beat the bitch he told police .
Rachel suffered a broken arm a dislocated shoulder and a broken nose .
So far she has failed to press charges .
She and gregory's two brothers continue to live with steve .
If you could say something to your mother what would you say .
I'd just say i'd just tell her please let me stay here and quit putting up the fight you're putting .
And let me be happy and let me stay where i am .
Bright young man .
And he's not one he's not a precocious smart <unk> kid which is why people like him .
Not at all .
And he's really not frivolous in his actions i don't think .
What do you say though to the people who think the courts may be overwhelmed by children who in frivolous fits of <unk> are going to attack their parents .
Well the what was used here was abused neglected or abandoned very serious charges .
Look there may possibly be children who will have a frivolous case to bring to court but then the judges would throw that out .
They wouldn't get to court .
And a child wouldn't just be able to go off and get a lawyer .
These are very serious matters .
This isn't my parents won't let me pierce my ears i'm going to take the case to court .
The whole point is are children human beings who have the right to have a say about their lives .
Now this case goes to court thursday .
Goes to court next thursday and we may even have an answer by friday's program in which case we certainly will tell you the result .
And we'll sure bring it if we have it .
Thank you barbara .
Well next a much different story on twenty twenty ths about our household pets .
They seem to sense how we feel but do we know how they feel .
Well stay with us because bob brown asks some animal experts to analyze our <unk> behavior and their answers may help you and may surprise you .
Like people with people problems too .
When they're acting strange how do you know what they're thinking .
We asked the experts .
What they said will amaze you .
Training cats and dogs it's a lot easier when you know what's up .
