In life jacqueline kennedy onassis <unk> privacy .
Monday the former first lady was laid to rest in one of the most visited places in the united states .
Mrs. onassis was buried at arlington national cemetery alongside her assassinated husband john f. kennedy .
C. n. n.'s bruce morton looks back at the day the world said its final goodbyes to a remarkable woman .
The last day began in new york inside saint <unk> loyola church the family and friends from over the years .
Outside several thousand others also come to say goodbye .
Edward kennedy delivered the eulogy .
It was a gift of herself that she gave to others and in spite of all of her heartache and loss she never faltered .
Jackie was too young to be a widow in nineteen sixty three and too young to die now .
Leaving the church people applauded .
The mass was in fact meant to celebrate her life not mourn her death .
And then to washington to arlington national cemetery .
If you were old enough you remembered other motorcades to arlington for john kennedy in nineteen sixty three or robert kennedy in nineteen sixty eight .
And now for jacqueline kennedy onassis though onassis was a name not spoken at this family farewell .
She seemed always to do the right thing in the right way .
God gave her very great gifts and imposed upon her great burdens .
She bore them all with dignity and grace and uncommon common sense .
In the end she cared most about being a good mother to her children and the lives of caroline and john leave no doubt that she was that and more .
Retired archbishop phillip hannah led the service he had known the kennedy's when john was president .
At the end of the short service the microphones went silent and her children had a chance to say a last private goodbye .
In her life she played many parts .
The loving parent the glittering first lady who made art and music welcome in america's first house .
The competent professional the dedicated defender of a private life .
She said of her husband they made him a legend he would have preferred to be a man .
Now she is legend too .
And camelot whatever that old time was is history the stuff that dreams and memories are made of .
