A showdown at sears angry shareholders today sent a message to management at the company's annual meeting .
Those shareholders want change .
Management won today's battle but the war for more influence on just how sears is run is far from over .
Kathleen <unk> has the story .
Shareholders called for change at the sears annual meeting but they came up short .
The five well publicized shareholder proposals went down despite support from some of the nation's biggest pension and mutual funds such as the california public employees retirement system and fidelity investments .
Forty percent of shareholders voted against management sending a strong message .
I think that our forty percent vote in favor of confidential voting and our forty one percent vote in de <unk> the board are big steps .
But management claimed victory .
The fact that the certain number of people voted for shareholder proposals is in no way a defeat .
Sears has been a target of activist shareholders for a number of years .
Despite numerous restructuring and massive job cuts forty eight thousand at last count sears remains an under performer .
This year big institutional investors join the bandwagon demanding change .
The significance of it was that the board of directors and the management are both embarrassed by what happened .
This business about being called on the carpet in public is not the kind of thing you want to have happen .
Shareholders pushed for a variety of proposals on corporate governance including confidential voting on proposals an end to <unk> terms for directors a study on the breakup value of the company and splitting the title of chairman and chief executive officer .
That last move would have weakened the power of sears' ed brennan .
But shareholders even with the help of big institutions weren't able to muster enough support for any of those changes though they say they'll try again next year .
Kathleen <unk> c. n. n. business news chicago .
Sears is this city's biggest company .
It is one of the oldest in chicago .
Sears has been based in chicago since one thousand eight hundred eighty seven .
The sears tower one of the city's and the nation's landmarks and about five thousand sears employees work there .
