A couple of <unk> students have made a fascinating discovery .
The two high school juniors from oil city pennsylvania had asked the observatory to take this telescope picture of a star cluster .
And a closer look revealed that the white blob there on the right was actually a super nova an exploding star .
More earthly matters .
In washington today congressman dan rostenkowski stood his ground .
The chairman of the house ways and means committee is battling the president over how much health care reform is going to cost and how to pay for it .
Here's a. b. c.'s john cochran .
Rostenkowski said his staff has found that health care reform is much more expensive than first believed that it will cost forty billion dollars in the year two thousand .
The question is can i get members to swallow hard and vote for a bill that will ultimately solve the problem .
But not even the president is willing to swallow as hard as rostenkowski was .
He rejected rostenkowski's call for a broadbased tax to pay for health care .
Should i raise your taxes to ask you to pay when you're already paying more for health care than you should .
The president knows his health plan is already in enough trouble without proposing new taxes .
And in a further concession to political reality the president agreed when ted kennedy offered a new plan to ease the burden the clinton plan would have put on small businesses .
Conservative democrats say the president's only chance is to make more concessions .
So we're going to get a health package this year .
It's going to have to be one that is a compromise and takes the best features of all of the bills .
The president's allies on health care say both he and mrs. clinton are still full of fight but have also started lowering their expectations considerably .
John cochran a. b. c. news capitol hill .
From the white house today a. b. c.'s brit hume reports that president clinton is close to making a decision on a nominee to the supreme court .
The latest speculation he says centers on interior secretary bruce babbitt and federal appeals court judge steven breyer .
Both men were under consideration for an earlier nomination last year .
On wall street today the dow jones industrials gained about twenty seven points to close at three thousand six hundred fifty six and the trading was moderate .
