Continuing our discussion about south africa former united states ambassador to south africa herman nickel joins us .
He was posted there from nineteen eighty two to eighty six .
Mr. ambassador before we went to the commercial break you outlined for our viewers the fact that in the other homelands there are people who are opposed to nelson <unk> and the african national congress .
And you said leaders are going to have to decide how they're going to resolve these problems .
In effect you outlined the potential for more violence if indeed it occurs unless people sit down and talk .
Something extraordinary happened in south africa just over the past forty eight hours .
The foreign minister of south africa mr. <unk> asked for the united nations to send in an envoy not only to work on putting down violence but to work on getting the impasse broken so that <unk> and de klerk could sit down and talk about the constitution and majority rule .
How do you evaluate that development .
Well i think this is a very important development but it also shows that if the a. n. c. holds out on the return to negotiations it will for a change be in the same position that the south african government used to be in namely it will be isolated internationally .
There's the united nations the european community certainly the organization of african unity are very eager for these negotiations to resume .
And i think not only internationally but even inside south africa there are an awful lot people in the townships who are sick and tired of being <unk> every day by young thugs who suppose as freedom fighters as comrades in the struggle .
And i think they would like the a. n. c. and the government to get on with the business of working out an interim government and a new constitution .
Based on what you know about the country how long will that take .
Well it's awfully hard to say i mean .
I'm not asking you to have a crystal ball but based on your informed judgment how long will that take .
Well i think it could be done with goodwill within a year .
I think one could get to <unk> elections within a relatively short time given goodwill .
And that's a big if .
And perhaps now that i think people have <unk> into that abyss and you know we are really at a crossroads where the country has to decide whether it's going to go take the low road of confrontation and decline disastrous economic decline which has been driving investors away even after the lifting of sanctions or to take the <unk> which is that of negotiation and accommodation .
We are pleased to welcome to the discussion on south africa kingsley <unk> the deputy representative of the african national congress's mission to the united nations .
Mr. <unk> welcome .
I don't know if you've been able to hear much of the discussion .
I understand you were just coming into the building but i would like to ask you what are your thoughts about the prospect of nelson <unk> sitting down with f. w. de klerk now to try to put a lid on violence and get back to the talks about majority rule .
Well we have always been willing to sit down and talk to the government but we concern that we have been addressing to the government the question of violence that we have always requested the government to address this because we hope addressing this violence will help in <unk> the confidence in the negotiators .
So the government's willingness to move on this with definitely of speeding up the process to go back to the negotiation .
There's no way of going back to negotiate and yet people have been killed and the government is just holding its own hand not taking no steps to curtail this violence .
So i infer from that that the a. n. c.'s next move will hinge greatly on the results of the discussion between the leader of your group nelson <unk> and president de klerk .
Well we do agree to this type of a meeting to address this question of violence .
There is a meeting that has been suggested is basically to address the violence situation .
However we are saying that before we back to the negotiations the government needs to attend to things that were previously agreed with with the government things that have been identified by the <unk> commission as the causes of this violence .
And we are saying that going back to negotiate to discuss the very same issues that they've been discussing with the government is not going to serve any purpose .
The issues you are referring are your call your group's call for the banning of so called cultural weapons and the building of fences and the curbing of police abuses .
Are those the issues you refer to .
Definitely those are among the issues that you we are referring to .
Can the world expect to see other examples of violence and death as were seen in ciskei and the other homelands .
Well it depends that depends basically on the ability of the south african government to address this issue seriously .
Prior to the massacre in ciskei the government made an appeal to the a. n. c. to postpone the march because of the fear of violence as they said .
But to our surprise they didn't address this fears of violence instead de klerk authorizes minister of police mr. <unk> to go to ciskei and discuss the security of strategic installations amongst with his but they never attended their fears of the demonstration turning into violence .
However we are saying that peaceful demonstration is the path of our legitimate travel and therefore the right for the people to peacefully demonstrate should be guaranteed and protected by the state by the authorities .
Well let me say just one word that the violence probably would not have happened had the a. n. c. adhered to the arrangement that was made or worked out by the court with the attendance of a. n. c. lawyers .
And if it had taken the advice of the independent peace <unk> not to extend the march beyond the stadium where it was allowed to take place but to try to break into the central business district .
No no let's address the violence .
Let's not address the technicalities involved .
Well even the a. n. c. is now beginning to think that that was a major mistake .
No no .
Technicalities have been involved in any demonstration even here in the united states where you've got demonstrators you do have demonstrators moving beyond the police barriers but we have never seen this unprecedented massacre .
But this was a deliberate effort by ronnie <unk> one of your national executive members to lead the troop you know through a hole in the fence into the central business district and you boasted about it .
No no let's put .
So this was not a spontaneous thing this was a planned thing .
Okay .
What i'm trying to say is that let us not address that as justification for this violence it's unjustified .
Okay gentlemen .
Let me <unk> myself because we've gone beyond the two segment time <unk> we had for this program .
I just want to ask you mr. <unk> one very basic question when will nelson <unk> and f. w. de klerk sit down at this emergency meeting .
Well the a. n. c. have agreed that mr. <unk> lama the secretary general and the minister of constitutional development for the government should sit down to iron out certain issues prior to this meeting taking place .
And to prepare the agenda if the meeting is to take place .
And among things that we hope from our point of view need to be ironed out before the meeting is that we don't go back to negotiate the very same things that were previously agreed on we need to cement the implementation of our previous agreement and the <unk> commission findings .
Okay .
Kingsley <unk> the deputy representative of the african national congress's mission to the united nations and ambassador herman nickel ambassador to south africa formerly .
We thank you for joining us .
