The house of representatives voted to update the so called nanny tax .
That's the law which requires people to pay social security taxes on their household workers who make more than two hundred dollars a year .
The changes would raise that threshold to more than one thousand two hundred dollars and let employers file once a year instead of quarterly .
Thousands of people including some would be clinton administration appointees have run afoul of the law .
The state of california is about to begin an ambitious experiment in public education and school choice .
Beginning next week parents may apply to send their children to any local school if there is room and if the parents can provide transportation .
In the nation's second largest school district los angeles this has set off an unprecedented competition to attract students .
Here's a. b. c.'s ron claiborne .
Introducing the new middle school with a thirty year tradition of success .
It's a new television campaign for an old product .
Join us at <unk> in the fall .
More than twenty los angeles schools have produced t. v. spots designed to sell individual schools to parents to entice them to enroll their children at those schools .
The new policy which allows children to go to any school in their local school district has provoked heated competition for students .
Well i think that all schools want to communicate that they have probably have the best school in the city .
And that's what we're out to prove .
Nearly four hundred schools have a total of twenty two thousand openings .
There are one hundred thirty openings at lincoln high school alone .
I am selling our school and our classes our courses our accomplishments our achievements because i feel that we're academically competitive .
But each student that one school gains another school loses .
And shrinking enrollment means less money and a smaller staff .
When you lose children you lose resources because you receive so much money per the number of children you have .
The first of the television ads begin airing on the school system's cable network today .
I'm so sad that we're graduating from columbus in just a few weeks .
Yes .
Columbus has been such a great school .
School officials insist the competition is healthy that to attract students schools will have to do more than just advertise they'll have to improve .
Ron claiborne a. b. c. news los angeles .
In economic news today wholesale prices went down one tenth of a percent that's last month .
Both food and energy prices were lower the figures released today .
On wall street the dow jones industrials gained nearly twenty four points to close at three thousand six hundred fifty two and the trading was moderate .
