Welcome to larry king live .
Tonight is this the shortest honeymoon ever .
Strike one for president clinton as his choice for attorney general falls out of the running .
Did the zoe baird debacle have to happen .
And how does the president follow up .
Plus actor alan <unk> recalls baseball's glory days in a new movie .
Now here's larry king .
Good evening from washington .
Call it the world's shortest honeymoon .
The clinton presidency didn't last one full day before a political crisis .
His choice for attorney general proved the equivalent of box office poison .
Zoe baird had admitted hiring illegal aliens for <unk> while avoiding the proper taxes .
As her story unfolded on television <unk> <unk> lit up and her odds of confirmation dwindled .
What went wrong with the zoe baird nomination and how does the president minimize the damage .
Two distinguished members of the senate panel that questioned ms. baird are with us tonight .
In washington senator howell heflin democrat of alabama and a former judge .
From denver in his home state of colorado is republican senator hank brown .
And both are members of the senate judiciary committee .
What happened howell .
What went wrong .
Well i think that she entered really in effect a plea of guilty and so many people across the nation just didn't think that there were mitigating circumstances .
They associated themselves with <unk> .
They associated themselves with tax forms with papers .
And many women have to fill that out .
The husbands leave those things to them .
And there was a tremendous outcry from the women against her .
Was this also the nature of her appointment .
If she had been appointed to hud or treasury do you think it would have been the same .
I don't know .
I've had it both ways .
I've heard arguments and thought about it in both ways .
I think it would have been the same .
Were you leaning for confirmation .
Well at the time i always try to reserve my opinion till after all the evidence is in but i had strong and compelling reservations .
It would have been difficult to vote for her .
I would have liked to have heard her husband give his explanation to listen to the lawyer and to the couple involved and i think .
They were all going to be witnesses .
Well not necessarily but they had been requested .
Whether they would have ended up being witnesses remained to be seen .
The husband would have i know .
Senator were you between a rock and a hard place here senator brown in that a lot of conservative republicans liked zoe baird .
Zoe baird is a bright bright woman has a lot of experience and what i like best about her is some real management experience .
As you know the justice department has ninety two thousand employees .
The problems i think were two things .
One the administration miscalculated .
They had thought at least their spokesman indicated that zoe didn't know what she did was wrong .
It turns out that she'd had legal advice .
She knew it was wrong before she did it and went ahead anyway .
And the second thing that happened is some of the liberal groups abandoned her .
And when they left she simply was left without a base .
Where were you .
I was concerned about the infraction .
Actually there were six different violations failure to pay social security tax to withhold social security tax failure to fill out an i nine form failure to fill out a withholding form a wide variety of problems over and above hiring the illegal alien .
I was concerned about that .
I wanted to listen to all the witnesses but frankly i was leaning against her if those charges turned out to be accurate .
Are you saying hank that had it gone to the senate she'd have lost .
I think so .
And the reason i think so is the working men and women of this country that have to put up with some of these laws and they are a pain in the neck thought if they have to do it surely the attorney general has to .
All right .
All the television networks c. n. n. included showed pictures of senate offices answering phone calls strongly against ms. baird .
Why did you let those cameras in .
You didn't have to let them in .
Some are saying you let them in to back up a decision you were going to make and this made it easier .
What .
Cameras in where .
What do you mean in the .
Cameras into senate offices where we saw secretaries and press representatives answering calls against zoe baird .
I don't know .
If they did it in my office i don't know .
They made the decision staff .
I was at the hearing room so i don't know what happened .
But you didn't say let them in or don't let them in .
I didn't make the decision one way or the other .
It's all right with me if they let them in .
Did your office get a lot of calls .
Oh yes .
We got a tremendous number of calls .
All right now what generated this .
What do you think generated it hank .
Some think the talk shows around america generated it .
Well larry you know politicians can't say no to television .
I suspect that while they didn't come to my office they'd probably be welcome in most any .
What i think happened was people who'd had the experience of filling out these forms and they are a mess and a pain in the neck just simply reacted from their own circumstances and figured that if they had to do it by golly the attorney general who was going to enforce it sure ought to .
And frankly the flood of calls we got at our office i think were like those in other offices .
They were not necessarily an organized campaign .
They were simply ordinary working people .
So the charge that this was some liberal movement or that some talk show hosts across america were spurring it on as they did with the house and the banking you don't buy .
Number .
I think it came from just the hearts of the people and their own concerns .
We got calls from my state offices from small towns all around where there wouldn't have been an organized effort or wouldn't have been a talk show .
It was just people just had deep feelings about it .
I mean they put themselves in the same position and said what would happen to me you know and they looked at her circumstances .
Now what does a call mean to a senator .
Well we pay attention to calls in particular to those calls where you know there's not an organized campaign .
We've had calls i reckon on the bork hearing i must have gotten fifty thousand phone calls but they either came from one organized group or another organized group .
And you know .
And you know it .
You can tell it .
They give them the words .
All they do is parrot the same thing .
And time and time again it's the same message and you know it's coming from an organized effort .
But when these were coming in with different messages all over the whole area you knew that it was coming from their hearts and minds .
Hank do you read it the same way .
I think the calls were essentially that .
I'm sure there were some organized calls but the bulk of them were simply volunteered .
And the other aspect of this i think that was so compelling was if she'd made a mistake and hadn't been aware of the law i think a lot of people would have bought the request for forgiveness .
But the fact that she consulted a lawyer first knew it was wrong knew it was illegal and chose to do it anyway i think put a cap on it .
What impact if any did senator <unk> public statement and former congresswoman barbara jordan's public statement have if any .
I'm sure they had some .
But i went to a democratic caucus before i'd heard of senator <unk> .
We'd heard of barbara jordan's .
And the spontaneous people who were speaking up liberals middle of the road conservative democrats were speaking up no way .
No way .
They were just saying that she shouldn't be confirmed .
She ought to withdraw .
They were saying that .
Did senator kassebaum influence you at all senator brown .
Well i think all republicans and i suspect most americans have a great deal of respect for senator kassebaum very well thought of .
But i think senator heflin has put his finger on it .
It was the reaction of the people .
Senator kassebaum and barbara jordan represent their parties are thought to be mainstream in their parties and to the extent that it <unk> senators coming out against her i suspect she had both of them had an influence .
We'll get a break talk about the political effect if any on clinton and who might be the next appointee .
We'll be taking your calls as well .
Alan <unk> is still to come .
Monday night his first appearance since leaving the post the former secretary of state lawrence eagleburger will be here .
Secretary of state eagleburger monday night on larry king live with your phone calls .
Don't go away .
I'm sad about it but it wasn't agonizing .
I'm just very i'm sad about it .
And i take full responsibility as i said in my statement for the way the evaluation was done .
It was i still have a very high regard for her .
She is an extraordinary person .
And i feel very badly about it but i'm responsible for it .
Welcome back to larry king live .
We'll be going to your phone calls in a little while .
Our guests are senator howell heflin democrat of alabama and in denver senator hank brown republican of colorado both members of the very prestigious senate judiciary committee .
What now senator heflin .
President clinton said today at his first cabinet meeting at the end of it that he's going to spend the afternoon now looking at <unk> to be attorney general .
What do you expect .
I suspect he'll really thoroughly investigate it ask his team transition team to find the best qualified person .
And he says that he wants the best qualified person and i think that that's what it should be .
Do you expect it to be a woman .
Well i think if everything's equal if it comes down we'll say to four people two men two women if they're all equal i think he'll stay with a woman .
But i think he's going to seek the most qualified individual .
What do you think hank .
Well the president's painted himself in a corner on this .
He pledged in the campaign to have about half of his cabinet women .
He's far short of that goal and there's a lot of pressure on him to have one .
But the reality is there are numerous very well qualified women .
I suspect it'll be a woman .
But he has to act quickly and i think he has to make sure this time that they have the right qualifications .
Why didn't they read this right howell .
What do you think was the what went wrong in transition .
Well i think they were in a little bit too big a hurry .
And there were several people that he wanted that turned him down .
Yes .
I understand at least two .
And i think this was a sort of a late inning decision .
And obviously they didn't evaluate it properly and i think it they'll benefit as a result of their error .
How long senator brown should we be without an attorney general .
In other words while we want an excellent appointment should it also be expedited .
I think it needs to be expedited but the reality is that this government is going to function just fine without one for a while .
They have able people that can handle the lower spots and run it .
As a matter of fact i think people would be surprised how well the country would run without congress for a little while .
So i don't see any major emergency here .
But he does i think have to make sure that the appointment that comes out is the right one .
When do you expect a nomination .
I would think it would be a couple of weeks at least .
Oh really .
Yes .
Yes .
Unless one of those that turned him down got back in .
Yes well that might be .
But i think otherwise it'll be that .
The problem they've got is that it takes a while to get an f. b. i. check done if you're looking at a new person .
So they may well have their hands tied to someone they've already checked out .
San mateo california as we go to calls for senator heflin and senator brown hello .
Thank you larry .
I want to state first that i thought that the action of the senators and the public was another example of a great democracy in action bringing forth an issue .
However as an old naval <unk> i've discovered that the recovery from a mistake often makes a more professional <unk> .
And i'm disappointed that the senators didn't pick up this theme zoe <unk> recovery .
The fact that she he's saying she handled herself well in making this mistake admitting it coming forward with it being honest about it .
Well that was to her benefit but it was also a very serious situation particularly in view of the immigration laws and how they are to be enforced .
The method of enforcement is through employer sanctions and these sanctions were considered a long time .
You know at the time that this bill was adopted they gave amnesty to three million illegal aliens in this country which i opposed .
I was against that .
But nevertheless the concept of employer sanctions in my judgment was a weak method of enforcement but they would have had tremendous costs having to employ all of the law enforcement agents that would be necessary .
In taking the blame as he did do you think senator brown that president clinton handled it well today .
I think this isn't going to count against the president .
Sure there was a mistake but if he moves ahead and handles it right it's not going to hurt him .
But i do disagree to some extent about what happened here .
I think what was wrong wasn't that she made a mistake .
What was wrong is that she knew it was illegal at the time and chose to do it .
And in addition it was compounded by the failure to file social security taxes really five other violations .
And also in her income group to a lot of people that looked strange .
Well the thing you have to be amazed at is if a yale law professor and an exceptionally bright woman who's a corporate counsel for a major corporation can't figure out these laws how are the ordinary working men and women of this country going to do it .
To pasadena hello .
Hi .
If president clinton hires another female would he not be filling a quota position than just filling the proper position .
Well basically .
I don't think there's any quota in this .
He wants to try to have a broad diversity of appointments and that's what they're seeking .
I mean there's no question today that working women are filling jobs from executive positions in corporations to every aspect of life .
And i think it's a recognition of the fact that women are taking an important position in our society today and it's somewhat of a recognition he ran on the campaign .
That was part of his campaign .
People voted for him for it .
People voted for him on that .
Do you think it's a quota hank .
It pretty clearly is .
He's committed himself in the campaign to have roughly half the cabinet women .
The fact is he's far short of that .
He is in a box .
But the reality is there's an enormous amount of very bright capable able well trained women attorneys that can do a great job here .
We'll be right back with senators howell heflin and hank brown and more of your phone calls then the brilliant alan <unk> .
Next week paula poundstone will be with us the very funny paula poundstone bill moyers and don't forget monday night the former secretary of state larry eagleburger .
Don't go away .
I think the president did receive a report from the transition team .
I do not have all of the details on that report .
Have you tried to get the details .
And we're trying to figure out exactly what happened .
Whatever the exact minute by minute details it's hard to reconstruct at any time it's clear that the transition process did make a mistake .
Back to your calls for senators heflin and brown .
Ottawa canada hello .
Hello larry .
Hi .
Yes america is respected worldwide as a country of laws .
Don't you think that this reputation would be tarnished by having an attorney general who admits to having broken the law .
Well i think it certainly is something that should be considered and we've had people that have been put up that have admitted doing things and then withdrawn before the ginsburg nomination for the supreme court .
It certainly there may be traffic violations or something like that that but this to me was serious and i agree that certainly you would expect the attorney general to be vigorous and impartial and try to seek equal justice and i think it would have been a handicap .
Have you been asked for any recommendations by the way as a prominent democrat former judge .
No i haven't been asked for any nominations .
Independence .
You know .
I'm sorry go ahead hank .
Well what happened here is ms. baird had consulted an attorney who apparently had extensive background in this area .
She was told that there had never been a penalty brought for someone in connecticut for this crime even though she knew it was wrong .
Could it harm our reputation .
Yes but i think you can also understand that this has not been enforced very vigorously .
Independence missouri hello .
Yes my question was to the republican from denver .
Is this going to be characteristic of bill clinton after he's made a decision to give in to pressures of social <unk> groups .
Well i think the only fair answer to that is to wait and see .
There are a lot of pressures on a president .
It's quite true that he moved quickly in this instance and i think you may well see some reaction to how quickly they moved really somewhat before ms. baird had really had a chance to give her whole case .
But the reality is this is a tough business and i think the book's still open on how the president will ultimately respond .
The republicans to their credit did not do any hack hack job on any of these people did they .
I think there was a strong feeling that she deserved a fair chance to make her case and the reality was that .
Among the other nominees they were almost they pretty well breezed through didn't they .
They did indeed and i think there's a strong feeling that the administration should have a chance to name people of its own philosophy to the jobs .
They'll be judged on the jobs they do .
As you mentioned earlier this is going to be a tough call the next appointee .
It has to be someone don't you think from the standpoint of the president that literally has to be approved .
Oh yes .
Oh yes .
I don't think he can stand another defeat on this .
And i hope it comes from somebody that's got a background in judicial matters as well .
It would be desirable to have somebody that's got a background with criminal prosecution you know .
The attorney general's main link from the public is in connection with enforcement of the laws and the criminal laws .
Drugs and crime today are primary problems that we have and we ought to have somebody that's had some experience in fighting drugs and crime .
Los angeles hello .
Hello .
First of all i think that that law is pretty poor for the home .
Yes for a business where revenue comes in but not for a home .
But i just feel we're a nation of such small minded people to take what i consider such a small issue when we have such huge problems that zoe baird would have been so capable with her energy and management skills to take to the department of justice which is cumbersome does need government overhauling .
She would have done a wonderful job and we're talking about something that shouldn't even be bothered with in the home .
I think you make two good points there .
One management experience is a critical factor here because you've got ninety two thousand people to direct and guide and inspire .
And secondly the truth is there were six violations here many of which most americans simply wouldn't know how to cope or put up with .
The reality is a lot of <unk> violate this law simply because they don't know how to fill out all those forms or aren't even aware that all of them are required .
Probably what we ought to do is go back and look at those laws provide some sort of exemption for the nitpick aspect of the paperwork here .
Think so .
Yes i think frankly i opposed the law .
I thought the law had a lot of mistakes in it the amnesty of three million illegal aliens when it came along the idea of forcing the employers to be the enforcement officers basically and not to do it .
To me there is also danger of discrimination .
If somebody speaks with an accent the average person draws back i don't know .
They may be an illegal alien and they'd be very cautious about it .
And there could be discrimination in regard to that .
I think the whole law needs to be <unk> .
And probably will be .
Well i hope so .
Yes .
Columbus ohio last call for senators heflin and brown and then alan <unk> hello .
Yes i would like to ask your two senators if they have such high standards for zoe baird what are they going to do about mr. sessions of the f. b. i. and his ethics .
Mr. sessions .
Well i think everybody's got serious concerns about judge sessions and all of the things if they're true .
Now he hasn't had an opportunity yet to present his side .
If true .
If .
Should he leave the f. b. i. .
Well if they're all true yes i think so .
Can you force him out .
Well he has a ten year appointment and i had looked into the method .
It would be largely up to the president i believe .
And the new attorney general right .
Well the president i think .
He works for the attorney general .
I think it's a presidential appointment .
What do you think this is hypothetical senator brown if the charges about mr. sessions were true .
Well the old attorney general issued a very strong reprimand in very direct language indicated he'd not only been out of bounds but that it apparently had been something of a gross abuse and totally with an <unk> explanation .
Clearly he has to set an example too .
Your caller from ohio makes a very solid point .
I suspect you're going to see this question reviewed .
All right last call quickly <unk> colorado .
Hello .
Yes senator brown haven't you and virtually every member of congress violated the law by hiring a babysitter and paying her more than fifty dollars at a quarter and failing to file a w. four form and failing to pay social security tax .
Did you ever do that hank .
Well it's been a little while since we've had children of the age where you'd have a babysitter so i don't think so .
But i think your point is well made .
My guess is the threshold is so low now with the changes in the tax law that a lot of people have violated it .
Also you weren't appointed attorney general .
A lot of people may have .
Thank you both very much .
Thanks senator .
All right .
Thank you larry .
Thanks hank .
Senators howell heflin democrat of alabama and hank brown republican of colorado .
We're going to break and when we come back we'll meet the brilliant alan <unk> who's starring in a new movie on t. n. t. that's getting terrific reviews .
Former secretary of state lawrence eagleburger will be here on monday night taking your phone calls .
Don't go away .
Coming up actor alan <unk> plays an old baseball player on the road to the hall of fame .
I don't have time for this anyway .
I'm going to cooperstown .
Yeah cooperstown .
