Well taking root in the vineyards of california is some new concern for the avoidance of pesticide .
More and more consumers are turning to organically grown food and more and more wine makers are meeting that demand .
Craig heaps has today's food and health report .
In the wine vineyards of california's <unk> and sonoma counties there is a growing trend grapes that have never been touched by pesticides or chemical fertilizers .
Many wine makers are now growing at least some of their grapes by purely organic means .
Our wine quality really begins in the vineyard and that it was necessary for us to enhance our <unk> quality for the wine quality of our winery .
Wine makers say one major reason they're using organic techniques is to protect the environment .
Another is to meet consumer demand .
You know there's so much interest in the consumer to get a natural product one that's processed as little as possible and you know i would hope some day all grapes could be grown totally organically .
Right now about one percent of the wine sold in the united states comes from organically grown grapes but the amount is growing .
In california for example ten percent of the wineries have some of their vineyards certified as organic by an independent regulating organization .
Rather than using chemical fertilizers and pesticides the <unk> have begun growing ground cover between the rows .
It helps put nutrients in the soil and provides a home for small animals that eat bugs .
Growers till the soil with machines and pull the weeds by hand .
Wine makers say organic growing forces them to spend more time in the vineyards checking the crop and that makes them better farmers .
Because then you're actually seeing all the stages that the grapes go through as they're maturing the health of the vines on a daily to weekly basis as opposed to weekly to monthly basis and so it's very good to be out there more frequently .
Most wine that would be described as organic comes from organically grown grapes but still has small amounts of <unk> added during processing .
<unk> are chemical preservatives that produce an allergic reaction among some people .
A small fraction of the wine is made without <unk> .
I think the reds can be very successful without <unk> but the whites it's very difficult to make a white without <unk> added and in fact at the moment we only carry one because most of the whites are sort of <unk> quality .
Wine makers say that organic growing is something new for most of them and they are constantly learning from one another new and better ways to grow grapes without using chemicals .
