The world used to be a pretty simple place there were two super powers each with its own different circle of allies and there was everybody else .
The end of the cold war also ended that neat division of world politics .
The war in bosnia hercegovina is highlighting the <unk> that remain between the u. s. and the nations that were once allied with the soviet union .
A summit meeting of the conference on security and cooperation in europe is underway today in budapest hungary .
More than fifty nations belong to the organization which hopes to find ways of preventing wars like the one in bosnia .
But neither the csce nor any other organization is having any success in bosnia .
European diplomats met with serbian leaders in belgrade but it's not clear that he can do anything to stop the fighting .
Bosnia serb forces did release some of the u. n. peacekeepers they had detained but they show no sign of easing their offensive in northwestern bosnia .
Christiane amanpour has today's top story .
The foreign ministers of france and britain went to belgrade to bend the ear of the serbian president hoping to make him twist the arm of the bosnian serbs .
The u. s. sent its special envoy to sarajevo to show that it's not at cross purposes with the bosnian government .
The american position as you know hasn't changed and i think as you've heard in the part of the letter that prime minister read about reaffirmation .
Let me be clear the united states remains committed to the preservation of bosnia hercegovina as a single state within its existing borders .
Up in his stronghold of <unk> the bosnian serb leader radovan <unk> has been reaffirming his commitment to his hard line .
No to a bihac ceasefire no to the international peace plan and on again off again promises to release the three hundred or so u. n. hostages prompting u. n. briefers this week into open frustration .
This unprecedented level of <unk> by the bosnian serb party is certainly not making our jobs here any easier .
The serb missile threat has shut down the humanitarian air lift for two weeks and no humanitarian convoys are moving on serb territory .
But the u. n. says it's still trying to get the serbs to <unk> .
As a good old boxer does i keep punching .
Though many argue the u. s. is less the <unk> these days and more the punching bag .
The bosnian government believes the u. n. and some european governments are trying to use the humanitarian stand still and the threat to scrap the entire u. n. mission to further pressure them into giving ground .
