We begin with a bosnian town that only three weeks ago was hailed as a haven for peace .
Now the town of <unk> is a no man's land and a mental hospital trapped between the fighting forces there stands as a reminder of the horrors of war .
Today the u. n. began restoring hope to the two hundred thirty mental patients discovered inside patients abandoned and neglected while the war raged around them .
Paul davies is there .
Twenty four hours ago the <unk> mental institute looked like something from <unk> romania .
But by today u. n. soldiers and relief workers were already providing a basic level of caring and dignity a dry clean bed for the patients abandoned when their doctors and nurses fled the fighting that engulfed this previously peaceful area of bosnia .
Encouraged by the presence of canadian u. n. soldiers some of the mental hospital staff have now returned .
This nurse told us we left here crying .
We didn't want to leave the patients but soldiers ordered us to go .
These canadians now have the job of making the building habitable again <unk> clothes bedding and floors <unk> by the abandoned patients provide unpleasant but necessary work .
In the last twenty four hours an amazing amount has been done thanks to the canadian battalion here and a lot more can be done but i think very quickly it could be brought upon them again .
The problem lies with the security situation as you know .
It's slap bang in the middle of the two conflicting parties and right in no man's land and until that is somehow resolved no one is going to feel secure to work here .
There are still many problems too many disturbed patients for the small nursing team and the constant reminder of the battle being fought outside .
But the u. n. hope more of the hospital staff can be persuaded to return and the institute can continue to function .
The u. n. will be keeping a small force here .
They've appealed to all sides to respect the neutrality of the mental institution a kind of mini safe haven in the middle of a battlefield .
