Exactly a year ago today in little rock at a so called economic summit president clinton pledged to focus like a laser beam on the economy .
My guest tonight insists the president did not say what he meant nor did he mean what he said .
Joining me from our washington studios jack kemp former housing secretary under president bush and now co chairman of the research group empower america .
Welcome back to moneyline .
Thank you january .
Nice to be with you .
Let's look at the economy .
We have an economy that in the fourth quarter is growing some place between three and four percent .
We have interest rates down to where they were twenty years ago .
We have unemployment coming down jobs being created almost one point eight million in the last year trade coming through with nafta and it looks like g. a. t. t. .
What is wrong with the picture .
Well nafta is good and despite your previous interview with the c. e. o. g. a. t. t. is going to be good for world trade and for the united state of america and we are very bullish on the prospects for emerging markets to enjoy the best trade and most liberal trade policies .
But those really were started with ronald reagan and george bush and i'm glad to see that president clinton is continuing it .
Interest rates are low as you pointed out not because of anything that the president has done or the previous president other than the fact that alan greenspan has given us a rather steady control of the value of money and as you pointed out we have a good bond and the stock market thanks in main to alan greenspan .
And i give the president credit for supporting the fed through these difficult times .
However we were told in little rock that the president was going to get america moving again by reducing taxes and regulations .
He talked about investment he talked about entrepreneurship and empowerment .
We found out that investment means government spending that we were not empowering people we were empowering bureaucracies .
The uncertainty of health care reform coupled with a terrible high burden on both labor and capital we think many of us think from empower america is going to dampen an otherwise boisterous and booming economy .
So what kind of grade would you give the president then on what he has done for the economy if you're saying that really the economy that we have today is really a result of what the republicans did .
N. i didn't say that .
I give alan greenspan high regard and high respect and high marks .
I give presidents reagan and bush and clinton high marks for liberalizing trade but my point is that health care is a mess its expansion of bureaucracy is going to place a huge burden on the back of the people the men and women who create jobs that is the small business sector of the economy .
And the higher tax rates the surtax they took off of luxury boats being now placed on the whole economy we should be lowering tax rates on labor and capital not raising them and we should be using real enterprise zones not these little empowerment zones that doesn't do anything for capital formation .
So i don't want to trivialize the presidency by giving him a grade .
I think that is rather trite .
But the president bless his heart has done some right things but in effect but by <unk> one seventh of our economy over nine hundred sixty billion dollars in the health care industry alone or attempting to nationalize it and trying to redistribute wealth to the tax code we think is going to place a terrible burden on the most important sector in the world today the entrepreneurial capitalists of america and the rest of the world .
So that's where you would empathize in order to create jobs .
Well you can't create more employees without creating more employers you can't create more jobs without expanding enterprise and the spirit of enterprise is the spirit of the entrepreneur and the high tax on capital and venture capital is really we're creating jobs but we're not creating enough new businesses .
Minority men and women have little access to credit and capital .
The system is not working in the inner city .
And the growth rates that you pointed out are only coming of three years of recession .
So we ought to be growing at six or six point five percent not three or three point five percent .
So what would you do .
Cut taxes cut the deficit some more .
Well put a lid on spending to be sure but bring down the high cost of capital eliminate the capital gain tax .
Eliminate it it's a double taxation if not triple taxation .
It should be indexed at least .
We should eliminate it in the inner city .
We should do what senator moynihan wanted to do roll back the heavy payroll tax on working men and women and their families .
We should privatize public housing .
And then i think frankly we need to establish a standard for the conduct of monetary policy .
While i give alan greenspan high marks i think with gold way over three hundred fifty which was the benchmark of keeping interest rates low it's time now to even maybe snug short term rates in order to give long term stability to the dollar and make our bond market and stock market even stronger .
You sound like a candidate for president .
Are you getting ready to do that .
I'm just an old hud secretary .
I'll talk about nineteen ninety six some time in nineteen ninety five .
Right now i'm getting ready to help elect more men and women to the u. s. congress who can prevent socializing medicine who can prevent redistributing wealth to the tax code and who understand private enterprise private markets and entrepreneurial capitalism .
On that note we have to end this interview .
Thank you very much jack kemp .
Thank you .
Still ahead on moneyline it's no singing telegram but it's close .
We'll tell you what it is next .
