Now our expanded coverage .
The world's eyes will be focused next month on south africa where for the first time blacks will be able to vote for their government leaders .
But few democratic elections have been preceded with the violence and harsh recriminations that occur almost daily in south africa .
It is that turmoil and the extraordinary expectations of those long shut out of the political process that we focus on .
In a moment a discussion i did a few days ago with two women who have been integral in the struggle for independence .
<unk> <unk> the widow of long time a. n. c. leader oliver <unk> and a leading figure in the a. n. c.'s women's league .
And <unk> <unk> she spent ten years in internal exile for her anti apartheid work and is now deputy vice chancellor of the university of cape town .
But first a look at some recent developments in south africa .
On tuesday for the first time in nine months south africa's two main black rivals african national congress leader nelson mandela and zulu chief mangosuthu buthelezi head of the inkatha freedom party met to discuss the violence much of which stems from the rivalry of their groups .
They also talked about the buthelezi decision so far to boycott the election .
Buthelezi says he wants a separate homeland for the zulu people which the agreement worked out between mandela and south african president f. w. de klerk does not make room for .
Inkatha has been <unk> in the boycott by the right wing white <unk> party raising the specter of more violence and casting some doubt on the validity on the expected presidential win for mandela .
It is for that reason that mandela has begun to offer accommodations to buthelezi .
Joining us now mrs. <unk> <unk> and mrs. <unk> <unk> .
We thank you both for being with us .
Mrs. <unk> what do you think the prospects are right now for peaceful elections in south africa in april that do not include the so called freedom alliance the inkatha party and the right wing <unk> party .
Both the inkatha party and the right wing alliance have said they're not going to take part in the elections on the twenty seventh of april .
Attempts have been made by president mandela to get both the alliance and doctor buthelezi to join the elections without any success .
However the elections are going on on the twenty seventh of april with or without the freedom alliance and doctor buthelezi .
And what are the prospects that those elections mrs. <unk> will be peaceful elections .
Clearly we are very concerned about having parties outside the election process and the attempts that have been made to try and draw people in and even the extent to which people have been prepared to call a special parliament is an indicator of just how seriously people take the threats to free and fair elections is some parties stay out of it .
And i think it's very important also to remind people that the role of <unk> is a historical role and we have to make sure that they do not completely derail the process and i think the chances of free and fair elections will be heightened by the extent to which the remaining parties who are part of the process act with resolve and discipline and also the extent to which the independent electoral commission and the other arms such as the peacekeeping force and the south africa defense force and police work together to ensure as much freedom and fairness around the election process as possible .
And i have confidence .
Are you worried about that mrs. <unk> .
Yes i am worried about it .
There has been a lot of violence in south africa .
It has been sad that the violence was perpetrated by the supporters of the <unk> .
The inkatha freedom party .
Yes .
And i can see that even though we've got observers even though the united nations is there even though the oau is there if they do get a chance there are some lives that will be lost and far too much blood has been spilled even before the elections .
And we would like to minimize violence as much as possible .
And mrs. <unk> is there any doubt in your mind that nelson mandela is going to be elected president with full powers to run the country of south africa .
That he will be elected president i think there's no doubt but i think it's important to remember that unlike many processes of transition ours has been <unk> to usher in a government of national unity .
So that mr. mandela will be there together with other parties that get five percent or more in the election process and that is fundamentally important because the problems of our country are too complex for one particular party to be able to deal with .
I think it's very important the current nationalist party which has been in government and has been part of the problem has also got to make a contribution to solving the problems that it has created over the years .
Assuming mr. mandela is president assuming all this happens mrs. <unk> how much time does he have to satisfy what have to be rising expectations on the part of so many of your people .
He has to start straight away i'm afraid .
People have been oppressed for over three hundred years forty years of which were under the apartheid rule .
And as soon as mandela came out of jail after spending twenty seven years the people are saying that now mandela is out there's going to be a change in our lives .
And housing jobs education are a priority and he has to deliver something and the first thing i think is housing and jobs .
He hasn't got time .
It should have been delivered forty years ago .
And therefore what is really important is for the international community to understand that the delivery of the <unk> of basic services which come from that era has to be a process undertaken not only by mr. mandela's government but by all south africans .
Which is why we constantly stress the importance of both the governmental and the non governmental sector .
Mrs. <unk> you mentioned a minute ago the need for foreign investment for capital to continue to flow in to stay in south africa .
How does mr. mandela how do the people around him the new structure ensure that that happens .
Well mr. mandela has been traveling all over the world and he has been encouraging people all over the world to invest in south africa .
He was in the united states here and he encouraged the united states businessmen to invest in south africa .
Besides the american government has promised to help the south africans during this ordeal and the non governmental bodies here like ford foundation the kaiser foundation and many other foundations that are helping us all the time during the struggle .
What do you see south africa looking like five years from now .
I think if we get our act together and concentrate on the development of the enormous human capital i see south africa becoming a model of what reconciliation can look like if you tackle not only political transition but also socio economic transitional issues to make sure that you create a community of people .
I think it's important for people to understand that the current tensions and violence are not like the problems you have in other parts of the globe where there is ethnicity embedded in it .
In this case we're having a political <unk> but different ethnic groups different people of color different people who have been on opposing sides oppressors and oppressed have sat together on the table and worked out a solution which i believe if it is stabilized we can become a model of what the greater global village can accomplish .
Do you agree that that can be done .
Yes i do certainly .
And already people are beginning to stream into south africa from the neighboring countries so we have to have a concrete government a viable economy so that we can help the entire region to flourish .
And you're optimistic too .
I'm optimistic but i'm not unaware of the dangers and i'm not unaware of the limited resources and the unlimited needs but i think with international assistance and with discipline on our part we can make it .
Well mrs. <unk> <unk> mrs. <unk> we thank you both for being with us .
