When violence broke out following the rodney king verdict san francisco was one of the cities hit .
Now some merchants in the city by the bay are worried images of shattered glass police in riot gear will keep tourists at bay .
Craig heaps explains .
Near san francisco's union square store owners were taking down the plywood monday .
It was a far cry from thursday night when looters <unk> through the city's up scale shopping area smashing windows and taking anything they could get their hands on .
Union square is a favorite area for tourists from all over the world .
But some fear of the violence will drive away visitors and their money .
However <unk> <unk> at <unk> fabrics doesn't share those fears .
They're going to come back .
They should .
Why is that .
Because .
It's a beautiful city .
People are nice .
What happened this last few days they don't present the local .
But some businesses are already feeling the effects .
At the hotel nikko about forty percent of the guests are from japan .
In the past few days people from all over the world have canceled reservations here .
I think that it will be a very short term in nature and i think we should see a turn around certainly if there are no further disturbances within thirty days .
Tourists seem <unk> by last week's disturbance .
The violence in atlanta in my opinion was far worse than in san francisco .
Which degrees of violence .
But you know not really .
It's just something that's happening across the u. s. .
It just happened and its happening everywhere but it's a beautiful city and i'd love to come back .
Merchants complained city policies hurt them during the riot .
For appearance reasons city planners won't let new shop owners put up solid rolling safety doors to keep out <unk> at night .
Looters easily broke through the iron gates that the city allows .
On the other hand many merchants are happy with the police crackdown friday night .
Acting under the city's emergency ordinance officers broke up a rally in the city's mission district even before it began .
They ordered people to <unk> and arrested those who refused .
We're the only city in the united states that had this problem that stopped it brought it to a screeching halt in one day .
But some say the police went too far and that suspending civil rights is too high a price to pay for preserving civil order .
