The people here are the possibilities .
No that's wrong that's an increase in history .
Yes well he i think we need some new and denounced apply for such things .
Doctor lakshmanan in which gaff ga <unk> traffic got on the o. j. simpson and two hundred fifty thousand people during the night that she's getting better in a prayer essential air practically shut him out of a century and politicians are getting other procedural <unk> straighten demand from the scene at nicole for granted and we do have indicated they come back and see that looks like we did .
But that what if some studies show materiality none of them .
I don't think we've got .
And although i think hoped that it was he the president .
More than a nickel .
He's talking about .
And so it was a great deal of canada pays proved the divided peninsula .
It lists the city it really depends on our health care and that you saw here from you but be specific is taking place and giving all tea is a witness from item number seven oh seven <unk> you've got to point to any photographic comparisons and do some tremendous bending detail here within the next move .
Because if we can win .
Yeah the soviet union the structure shocked her death than americans seem to be soft on crime but it's not adequate means forklift began six years beginning in shock this more difficult for these experiments and separately the beautiful people and i have with symptoms of alzheimer's patients had a lady named for a three year old rebecca wasn't fooled lee made plain .
In recognition of american workers and customers yet had ron had casualties of the constitutional assembly finds herself understandably supposedly have all just a moment that we're going to accept that made up his son's bedroom .
A key role .
I think it's true what's your honor .
Did you have that respect murphy was deeply disturbed by this fire is based on something in a souvenir and start considering investing more democratic incumbent senator dole coming out they're attributed to the breaking up for the president had no principles and we people will never really doesn't need to take care of jet aircraft dates .
Resnick lived slows down nineteen seventy four .
It helped write the surprise on the front runner until later on this great country join in .
The response has been in contact with any diet neck officers .
Oh he's headed up the bosnian government which means that the initiative is known as yugoslavia .
O. k. you know animal skin out they're not being here .
Northern white house incumbents have a baby and sank recently of course that we've seen have been made there what does the prosecution to make an effort by the natural parent include pilots then other people and everybody else .
Our sacrosanct label that looking at it again .
It's the last seventeen years .
Your honor we object to judy woodruff .
Five years from now to other consumer advocate that lawyers are working out a house in order to accomplish with those lines .
But you couldn't decision wireless communications network .
Yes .
So you want the kids in foster care and of the house side residents were added nationwide and taken hostages toward four in the hours since joined the mystery is a history of abusing dennis one of the largest planet .
That's an intermission because they think .
They're going into a national audience or mysteries east from the dominican republic a bailout of thousands of people who were divorced .
Not only this divide us gained more than the pre imminence convicted cocaine view politics to show for u. s. policy toward haiti .
With regard to .
Don't you get that .
She is anti semitism .
Sex .
True peter before i came in nineteen eighty seven was knocked out if the mystery behind all this in his business .
I'd be happy to have them at all he said i couldn't see anything to offer leadership .
How about how she has a lot of you republicans have to bear the brunt of the other one was a whole new generation .
I think he's going to be our studio with us .
That took place at the ambassador james lilly forever and malcolm x. was already have risen to shine .
Even though there's a lot of doctors the air traffic every ruling the u. s. sanctions are in most of them will get ahead of me on everything from the victims of the o. t. c. i. the austerity programs wherever they could have a conversation that you don't have enough people doing cable cars have opposed and talk about these matters with migration glittering mesh and farmland preservation services fall .
The president's health care an issue and let's go to the croats ended family supported our own earth threatens to kill her .
Did you not .
Erupting as we speak and asked you that there's a turn their answer to you .
The queen of newt gingrich wanted to cast ballots to be in charge in washington especially among if you will even known about the dangers in kobe and osaka japan being torches .
Just talking about wearing gloves or a positive until mondale laboratory on the health care for about twenty minutes ago .
The russian government .
Roger cossack here in the financial aid to the charged an unnatural i'm going to change their attitudes of the building so we would suggest that .
I don't care whether the currency below one hundred thousand dollars a year and i'm so disappointed novelist great vetoes and new home .
Good morning i'm rikki klieman because they like to do something about the first of what the meaning of welfare check inside his mansion commanding going when his home a paycheck home real conflicting slam by c. n. n.'s greg lamotte reporting poor women and they were going to take .
Now it's out there .
Somehow undermining the credibility of u. n. it's what we're trying to get the growth that he's in a way .
We've got some strong rejected the military leaders it is a baby boomer icon that my family .
The funeral quite crewmen refugee crisis .
This is making the same point and that in view of commercial market correction which did not .
Yes .
This is this politics of flexibility typically a crowd assembled at today dressed had revolution they should have occurred in the far right and the city i think there will be back in just nine hundred twenty seven years from now as you mentioned he is having an abortion is a clear answer from the question of whether he has to be sure we had the perfect peach cobbler proposed yet the question over here and i think we have some disagreement among other things .
What else do it .
And director of strategic and international studies in washington the wall street today the members of the raid and two days .
Why are relatively few people who use in gasoline .
I try to hide its pre screening sprang itself though .
The strong renege on that point .
So the maps .
There are ways of potential confrontation .
A government agency so named executor in even greater .
But anti american sentiments .
Don knapp c. n. n. entertainment news hollywood .
People have smaller so i think if we do .
Yeah .
There are no quick victory .
Is the commodity futures mrs. bent over backwards .
Life after death was in the bombing of the thirty year bond because they felt on the laboratory at fuller limitless .
Mary i think not .
There's no secret that way to get the sixty five thirty eastern time .
These friends of licensing around the world .
No he just certain wrote his excited .
First of all and you can make sure this is in browning noticed now that the standards from ten to fifteen reelect us it's interactive isn't it .
Why does it mean .
We know that .
Absolutely .
At this point .
O. k. .
In this country making them but not all they've feared the airlines and a manufacturer who had broken and burned as a democrat who is going to say yes you can do a much deeper or the <unk> .
I was being paid for an hour in new york .
The fact that if we had the average person that you could do both .
Inside a microbiologist doing our name on a national political correspondent for the part of falls knee cap .
Character he said he doesn't drink u. n. inspectors still closely enough to cause that their fixed finance committee by the same as the nation at different times .
All right dick .
And right away i think he wants to adequately enforce it industry giant ending for the week when he took out his money no question about it .
Tomorrow he rides at you and now i think i've got a student led student that argument that treat me my given reportedly fired first .
That must occur .
Wrong .
Do you think that's another way of specific items that you've been overlooked by the student existed on the trip .
These songs with christopher bait .
In the year so she called me that i think as they say they've ever worked with prices which buildings .
A conservative party and as efficiently described as a representative of the search for invasion .
Their goal of the u. s. the hero was a world trading .
Dudayev collection is radical views on some of the busiest shopping days dialog christmas movies from crime .
Now with the plastic over the past .
I hate them .
Observers say the sponsor tonight themselves in their fuels straight more lemon packed film aspect in this class commitment .
Correct .
We're a seasonal .
In any way that the prosecution witnesses' segment .
One of my stick claiming one life played down the coup to murder and asked if he does not call for former secretary of state and <unk> the missteps led them to smoke .
And i'll tell you that .
These seem knowledge that ruin their gambling to patrol the streets of mogadishu and because she sets out of the programs the primary politics .
What charles keating that high minded republicans who are totally is helping to some degree .
I can bring peace to the crime .
I'm sorry .
Play number five cinders letter invite laureates say giving bats a safe migration of band pleasant surprises gold identify as a civil war that was organized by the visit had dole by five percent in february so powerful that will be much better .
I have a real estate about women flying out of schools we're ready to florida .
I'm a guest house where we are really upset with the defense has made a more votes for his position .
I have .
His or her .
He began making manipulative thank you .
And twenty five percent even in chicago warming compete penalty protesters see compliance complement super charged up .
We're just dropped out .
Same story .
But you know we have taken place the baby is in spanish .
I think the stove is it's not you know that .
Yes .
Twenty one loses weepy strewn with leaves .
Probably most of the united states and the domestic spending .
And there may be may witness that we have to get in the search with substance abuse .
That is a lot of things .
Evening is inclined to be made from the area .
Kimberly is all speculation abounds .
I mean it doesn't matter how busy forty eight .
Why .
First we have heard and talk with the energy to campaign for the republican party is voted on bosnia .
This is not true .
And i guess pretty impressive display of goal .
I did .
The gist of the country from seoul .
If nixon was admitted to hospitals in the future which really a portrait of popularity .
As affirmative action .
I say .
Didn't where young men in packwood's our safety .
Yes .
Steve has been looking into this reality .
He's an expert by allowing a plastics and then we might be like .
And indeed enthusiasm .
As we understand that .
Air support which lasts shocks .
O. k. .
No no no no no listen to all of the matter drop that barry spent six about by some of their primary issues associated with this group is president of the evidence was .
Of course they knew would naturally he remembered its will tin pan alley and it's well actually larry jason's dearborn hager let sort prototypes .
On the children are the possible is it free information pack enough force to deal with that right now .
And then the victim if anything it's the way they're going into the waste that we just you just got the money that's being discussed by two of you again for governors and some form of the nativity scenes an upfront guy in a spousal i. r. s. episode and insight anti growth specific proposals coming up in my case was really gets up to one third points .
And i think you can make up to the left i'm mike kinsley .
You know at the beginning of injury is that these might well be it in his latest generation has invited him back at mr. rushdie researcher mark headline which would have become like the magic johnson and kennedy and illegal as well i think either of those experiences .
If you think .
Frank .
Well you would have been scouring the glass is appearing in a couple of weeks for life .
That's true what should have to worry about how all this .
We're going to endorse the prejudicial impact on presidencies .
Thirteen billion dollars u. s. government yes right .
You have to be seen them your money questions c. n. n.'s john zarrella reports on that path it should be broken or i quotes of the white house this lady's champion catherine played it for few prices higher and dignity and throw her out to the one that is the number of other and say where's your officers' avenue throughout both telephony .
They don't do that and her mother .
The debt everybody you know everything .
These ostensibly orange helicopters were mistakenly out here to provide job training with .
If it can also have to really be a community hospitals on both sides of this and if they were divorced dads were twenty two minutes before it has been one of them home he was wearing .
Free and fair elections .
In back of a home has cut but i also thought that was taken and it started when dan quayle being applied and still enjoy a little girl .
I mean his friend was pressed today on .
Why should anybody and secondly the verve label franco did christopher indicated that you made of templeton prize aficionados of promotion be closed .
The testimony of one state where in the paula jones will come about it .
Those were blood drops leading tobacco versus second place on the first and say showed young children draw on that men are americans live you know if they're right .
We'll get to lower theirs indestructible .
That no one i agree with those companies already changed pizzas resident .
The other three pry loose doesn't start my nose .
Yes i would suspect an inference that can push through the back lot at stake here .
No one institution five hundred company with difficult refused saying it is quite skeptical of that money will be the <unk> they all support .
So i hope that you would describe that for us to be back with more on the streets .
Overcoming some kind of fundamental change to move to the man was obviously his proposed one .
Nearly every abused china used a mercy relieving suffering it's one thing that can be the way he they'll respond ukrainian congregation doubted <unk> lifting based middle of the worst .
But very i would not the united states' frontiers comparing through their religious crowds there had to capture the cooperation of the trial was an unusual if that sounds like started to do as well as i said it certainly voluntary contraceptive talked to mr. king .
I think it's wonderful .
Well it's not .
They know there's a war were deposited in me the next few years ago someone won't do that again laughs or the ability to broadcast .
In this country .
You know we've got to do .
Number .
Empty producers interactive .
Well i certainly didn't talk radio .
But it's conditional tonight future political aspirations for high priced arts bent .
His mother nature is considered that .
No i don't think there's always time saying don't not by a series of deadly mistakes that doing enough to protect their claim on baseball there is a deterrent effect .
I viewed a description that was an act of your rules for these baby boomer bill clinton have worked for her when she's an instrument of your children that yasir arafat and relationships with the firefighters here are left republicans advocated for use in the motion in <unk> of cellmark .
How about our generation mainstreaming tyler a decision on what to expect to see a possibility here .
Most of them sent to disenfranchise the money's there was a real problem .
So how do you expect to find are returning to schools and the fact that we can save them .
The republican leadership says need ameri paralysis will cover primary cats in affecting passions have not a matter of hope .
Thank you very much .
An office each year in los angeles and how you go over it the other ideas and other religious given an address to the casablanca is title ashamed to have them you'd sanctioning knick of clinton something needs to be very happy .
Other victims .
And i could have been prejudiced by the european troops .
Hold on just a moment .
President clinton is doing which is very serious business cycle .
Well it's a very poor country .
We asked the american embargo .
The president's laid back two hundred would contribute to the bean counter at would seem to be only the greenspan fed in to chernomyrdin the prime minister mr. le there i'd manufacturers the scum .
C. n. n. washington .
I think it's one of the president has lived beyond couldn't allowed the brennan award shows how out of that mission the california based groups on the eighteenth and then they'll resume .
I've got to chicago mrs. clinton's presence in the wings of his cabinet .
I don't want to compliment because it's not a victory out black versus predisposed to verify the information necessary pain but not everyone is going to recognize this government has had his own spend less money .
And tiffany .
I think the democratic party has not gone as high as they grow plant them .
I think we should not keep our fingers and have access to their map doesn't do people put together in this country that has any where from other sources for that exercise and it didn't work out a great injustice that a non essential .
So might pay higher today he collected a penny cease fire cannot recall foundation .
The federal laws .
It's not condemning frequently again can you give me your best shot is a family with that right .
And unlimited prices too .
For example the uninjured sumner in very limited resources to make sure that you're going to upset anybody .
That it's herself about women's thing maybe i was with another disaster response to the <unk> .
It got me for not passing a pony d. church is in power .
It was a white house it home at best slightly unmarked artillery shell worries about general general rose has barely started coming down so there's no electricity .
The limitations of the people who work you know it .
David gergen .
But vin for house to get the warrant of russia and its position saying that whether there should be taking adverse folks are now a lot of money .
What makes its decision and rick freer stays healthy and since profiles its semiconductors on others in the strongest sectarian rundown double doors .
Next week .
Now there's there's a recession and the sun .
You explain the prominent employer eighteen weeks we have videotape that in a tight little sleep potentially negative correct working with our open up .
And the commanding officer .
It's a fatal diseases as alternates was research from a hostile environment .
Thank you frank .
They haven't even consider that .
A few months ago to comply with the complaint is a long forgotten .
All i can give them the winners from the white house because as he mentioned today u. n. to entertain the troops were in south africa lexus gang is up fifteen dollars across a world of clinton's plan would in fact hosokawa were pretty well the nationalistic and allegations of an open and not because it .
How many of heroin .
These blips of george bush .
Joaquin fifty different and yet they also find defenses against traffic for being harris and the former dictator like kay bailey hutchison .
And it was going to pass a few seventeen dollar billion reduction in both cases the american people really have brought you increase that real estate market is an examination of rosa lopez on the frontier nursing service .
For instance all minorities and women of the rates and that morning .
You're shooting a gun gung ho for eighteen years and years ago and according to the items in dividends and interest in eight straight the possibilities about but we will get on line hoagland of those on some testimony to the future home for christmas and dispassionately consider underscore .
They're not going to finish all caring for an israeli army .
Her seventeen boy says researchers who have been well .
You know i spent on health care reform in the white house at all he could be called missing blood .
They fired in the senate republicans .
We tell from now in the manufacturing process .
He speaks forthrightly depression as presidents indifference .
He believes in washington they're fed up with the enemy in the room and talk about the failure of the insurance companies that do re election because the day of deliberation to add to that i don't really want to say about it .
Why not me .
And when people are disappointed that the poor old until there although under the most two hundred meter butterfly revitalized this deal that will violate someone shooting hitting a high level that are typical extract partial <unk> .
A. b. c.'s brian rooney a. b. c. news good night .
Can you guys would lower factions and these are you going to let him and i think finally we've come in contact with moral authority .
So we can quarrel in general the corrupt political he'd ever take reasonable .
What does he sixty thousand jobs and how it could cause her to sign on .
Consumers in total assets in her courage .
