Welcome back .
House democrats unveiled a revised health care bill as the drive continued to complete action before the congressional recess scheduled to begin august twelfth .
A lot of times if you want bipartisan consensus on a tough issue it takes forever but i tell you we dare not wait longer .
Maybe we ought to go back and look at some other ideas and maybe we ought to come back next year and have a real debate on a real bill .
Margaret what's the verdict will a health bill pass this year yes or no .
I'm sad to report that at this very moment harry and louise the <unk> who represent the small insurance companies are winning .
I think they have frightened people into thinking that any reform is going to hurt them and as a consequence as it's over in the senate where the small insurance and small business i think are very powerful i think the bill is in trouble and the counting this week is that there are twenty five democrats in the democratic caucus who won't vote for employer mandates and also universal coverage is not being described the right way .
You must have universal coverage to get cost controls and if you do insurance reforms you're going to end up with higher premiums because only sick people are going to come in .
Bob dole will we get one this year or not .
You may get a vote it may go down maybe in the house maybe in the senate .
I think margaret may be right .
It's very close .
Senator mitchell will unveil his package probably tuesday it's his target date .
We'll probably bring it up the following week .
We'll have a long debate in the senate .
There won't be much of an august recess .
You want a week to read the bill .
Well at least we'd like to have part of a week at least some evenings and not staying every night on something else but this is the biggest issue i've had since i've been around here and we're not trying to slow it down we're just trying to understand it and let the american people understand it .
It's a big big issue .
We think a lot of the things we agree on can be done this year .
I don't believe there are the votes for employer mandates in the senate and i'm not certain there are the votes for employer mandates in the house .
Bob novak bill .
I don't think no i think no .
I'm come on strongly on the no side lately .
I don't think the president will sign a bill without employer mandates .
I don't think the democratic congress will pass will want to pass a republican bill which has medical savings accounts and that sort of thing and i don't think there are the votes for employer mandates .
You know this house bill that come out on friday is just the house ways and means bill .
I mean everybody was waiting for something and it's got big tobacco taxes .
Forty five cents .
It's got eighty percent employer mandate .
Is that the finance committee bill .
That's the house ways and means bill .
It's a house leadership .
It's not a clinton bill .
Clinton's endorsed it that's not going to pass .
So i just .
Not the clinton bill .
No alliances .
But clinton says he's for it .
I just think the american people want something better than that and i think they'll wait for it .
Al hunt .
Well you know i've done some reporting on this .
I'll even tell you who i talked to .
Two people did reporting this week .
But i unlike the other person i will reveal exactly who i talked to if bob would like to know and i think if you do any reporting you have to conclude the bill's not going to pass that the votes aren't there .
I agree with everything that was said before .
It is my feeling however that when it really comes down to the crunch that i don't think that five hundred thirty five members are going to want to leave and say sorry we couldn't do it and i think some kind of compromise version is likely to pass with some sort of triggered mandates down the road .
Why do you think .
I made the mistake of doing some reporting too bob .
I think that a bill will pass and i think it's going to be a crunch .
I think bob dole's probably done a service to the legislative process by saying let's take a week let's take time because i think the focus is going to be on it .
I think that's where the <unk> going to be .
I think it's going to come down are we going to walk away and do nothing cause they know thirty years ago when you were in the house in the senate medicaid of course did pass without your support and i know you support it now have been a strong supporter of the .
Medicare .
Medicare .
Long time ago .
Yeah and .
We had a better plan called elder care if it passed .
It didn't pass so we've supported medicare .
Yeah .
That was an employer mandate .
But explain to me that's a lot of fuzz mark .
No it isn't .
Explain to me how you're going to get a bill passed .
O. k. .
That is going to have this universal coverage .
Universal coverage .
Well that's ninety five percent now under the new arithmetic .
Yeah but to get to that they have to have employer mandates .
I don't think you can get employer mandates through the congress do you .
Well the c. b. o. said today in a report on the finance committee bill we'd get up to about ninety two percent and that's where this sort of triggers .
You wouldn't have a mandate for several years if you had a mandate at all .
I think it's so close that i think al may be right .
It may go down a couple of times and resurface and maybe we'll put something together in the fall .
I'll tell you quite frankly how i think it's going to happen bob .
I think the issue's going to be drawn .
I think it'll be bob dole's bill on one side and i think it'll be this house democratic proposal on the other and i think the key vote is going to be in the senate whether in fact there is a george mitchell in his compromise bill can come up with something that can get fifty to fifty on employer mandates .
But do you think don't you think you can go home to the voters and say hey they insisted on something we couldn't pass and we'll go next year we'll have more republicans and do better .
I think as long as we make our case with the voters .
We just can't stand and say we're not going to let anything pass .
That would be a big big mistake but if we make our case with the voters and that's why we want some time and we've got you know pretty well organized on our side and i'm certain the democrats have too but this is a big big issue .
A lot of people ought to be helped .
There are a lot of things we can do to help people but some of us are opposed to mandates .
Maybe we're wrong but we oppose mandates .
Even senator danforth senator chafee and senator <unk> who have been working with the democrats oppose employer mandates .
Bob dole you've never had a problem making your case in the past .
Thank you very much for being with us .
