You hear it in country western music and in the blues and in popular music from bob dylan to the beatles to stevie wonder .
Now the harmonica is making a comeback and another enterprising musician is making a very handsome living as a result .
A. b. c.'s judy muller reports from los angeles .
The harmonica has always been a mainstay of american music .
Now the humble harmonica is enjoying a new wave of popularity .
And riding that wave is jon <unk> master of the mouth harp and facilitator of <unk> .
It's like you're on horseback by yourself or you're the lonely <unk> or it's a blues fantasy .
I think there's a romance there's a fantasy involved with the harp .
For <unk> it's been a lucrative love affair .
His books and tape including harmonica for the musically hopeless have sold more than a million copies around the world .
His overhead is in proportion to his instrument small .
He records his tapes at his office and carries the tools of his trade in his briefcase .
This is the best way that i've ever had of making my living .
And it seems like an oddball way but the other things i've tried haven't worked .
But when i teach or when i play it's like the world says yes give us more .
Here's some money .
His classes are always jammed .
By day they are bankers and <unk> .
By night they are learning the arcane language of the mouth harp .
Yeah you have to tongue and bend .
Learning how to cup their hands just so .
That's the start of it .
And that's the way to do it .
Learning to solo .
And learning more or less to play as a group .
One reason the harmonica is so popular instant gratification .
I can instantly play this .
I guess that's what it is .
You pick it up immediately and start playing .
It's also portable .
I was playing my harmonica in the car and i looked up and i saw a guy riding on a bicycle coming the other way playing his harmonica .
Portable with endless possibilities .
I'd like to get to the point where maybe when i'm sitting in some blues bar and it's jam night and they say does anybody out there want to come up and jam and i just take out my harp out of my pocket and hop up there and do it .
If that sounds like walter <unk> well a few pipe dreams never hurt anyone .
Judy muller a. b. c. news los angeles .
And that's our report for this sunday .
Tomorrow why is the government spending millions to train more merchant marines .
Your money tomorrow on world news tonight with peter jennings .
I'm carole simpson .
