The continuing questions of whitewater .
The story on npr's all things considered .
More questions for the administration on briefings given by federal regulators to white house aides .
The republican side of the health care debate g. o. p. congressional leaders get together for a strategy session .
One idea is to avoid supporting any sort of plan .
Kentucky congressman william <unk> because of illness misses a vote in the house his absence noted by the speaker .
This is a sad moment for all of us .
Because of the unparalleled public service of mr. <unk> he will have in the record of eighteen thousand four hundred one roll call votes a record that i believe will stand forever .
Also the new airport in denver is not working .
Now this hour's news .
This is all things considered .
I'm noah adams .
And i'm linda wertheimer .
President clinton said today that treasury department officials and white house aides should not have met to discuss the status of the whitewater investigation .
Although the president said he didn't believe there had been any wrongdoing he's instructed his chief of staff mac mclarty to prepare a memo to guard against similar contacts in the future .
Also today treasury secretary lloyd bentsen said he has asked a government ethics office to investigate the meetings .
Bentsen said he did not attend the briefings and was not informed they were taking place .
President clinton said it would have been better if the briefings had not taken place and such meetings will not occur in future .
What i want the people here to understand is never mind what the rules are bend over backwards to avoid the appearance of it .
Let's let this thing go forward .
There is an investigative process .
The the records are in hand as far as i know for the investigators to do their work .
Let it go forward .
We don't need to have any implication that we are in any way trying to manage or affect this process .
This is just the latest twist in the very tangled saga of whitewater .
Whitewater was the name of the real estate partnership mr. and mrs. clinton formed with james mcdougal .
His business dealings including his bankrupt savings and loan and the clintons connection to them are now under investigation by special counsel robert fiske .
Npr's mara liasson joins us from the white house .
Mara what were the meetings with federal regulators and white house officials .
What were they about .
Well there were two meetings and in both of them treasury department officials who are in charge of the r. t. c. the resolution trust corporation that's the federal agency in charge of cleaning up the mess from all the bankrupt savings and loans they talked with top white house aides including the white house counsel bernie nussbaum about the justice department's criminal investigation of james mcdougal's savings and loan and the fact that president clinton and mrs. clinton were named in that criminal referral .
Is there anything wrong with doing that .
Well usually criminal referrals are confidential and federal regulators don't share what's in them with anyone other than prosecutors and they certainly don't share them with the people named in the referrals .
Mara now this whole business which we conveniently lump under the name whitewater which was the name of the property development the clintons invested in with their friends the mcdougals the questions that have been raised are more about that relationship with the mcdougals than about the investment questions about whether the partnership with then governor clinton what did it mean when the s. and l. was in trouble did the clintons do more than was proper to help their friend did mr. mcdougal help the clintons financially through his bank or through the partnership called whitewater estates .
Right .
There are basically three questions that <unk> to clinton's behavior and what could cause him some problems other than just the embarrassment of having done business with a guy like jim mcdougal .
One of them is did mcdougal divert taxpayer backed funds from his s. and l. to the whitewater company or to clinton's campaign fund .
Now mcdougal did once raise about thirty thousand dollars for then governor clinton now and if so did clinton know about it .
Number two did the president and mrs. clinton take improper tax deductions .
Now they claim they invested quite a bit of money in whitewater and lost it but so far they haven't been able to produce evidence of that .
The third potential problem for clinton is whether he was guilty of favoritism .
Now mrs. clinton represented mcdougal's savings and loan before arkansas state banking regulators the same regulators who were appointed by her husband and there have been charges that mcdougal received special treatment from these banking regulators .
Now this could be influence peddling or it could just be <unk> and back scratching something that smells bad to most of us but was business as usual in the tight knit world of arkansas politics .
So is is this a legal problem or is it a political problem for the president do you think .
Well it's both .
Right now i think the political headaches are looming a lot larger than the legal ones .
The way the white house has handled this whole matter is making the political problems i think even bigger than they have to be .
With every one of the white house missteps such as these meetings between r. t. c. officials and bernie nussbaum the republicans on capitol hill get an opening and of course clinton's opponents on the hill were on the floor of the house and senate again today calling for congressional investigations of whitewater .
But this is the kind of thing that really has the president's political advisers tearing their hair out and the meetings were not the first <unk> .
Remember it took the clintons a very long time to agree to hand over the documents about whitewater to the special counsel and they've been acting all along as if they have something to hide and that makes people feel that they do .
Why do you think it isn't being handled better and with more dispatch .
Well there are a lot of explanations being offered here at the white house .
The president by the way is said to have been absolutely furious today and he's asked his chief of staff mac mclarty to make sure that nothing like this ever happens again .
But fingers are pointing and they're pointing at the same person that they've been pointing at all along bernie nussbaum .
Nussbaum is the white house counsel and ironically nussbaum cut his teeth as a lawyer on the watergate committee where you'd think he would have learned that it's cover ups or the appearance of cover ups that can get you into a lot of trouble .
Now about the nicest thing some white house aides are saying about nussbaum now is that he has a fundamental misunderstanding of the counsel's job that it's not just a legal job it's not just to represent the president as a legal client it's to keep the president out of trouble and there's all kinds of trouble a president can get into in washington .
Thanks very much .
