Democratic congressman dan rostenkowski asserted his innocence today .
The chairman of the house ways and means committee has been linked to allegations of embezzlement at the house post office .
Those allegations come at a time when rostenkowski is acting as a key negotiator on capitol hill for president clinton's plans to cut the federal budget deficit .
Npr's eric weiner reports .
The house post office has been the subject of a criminal investigation for more than a year but on monday that investigation took a giant leap forward .
Former house postmaster robert <unk> pleaded guilty to embezzlement and conspiracy .
<unk> said he helped two congressmen exchange postal stamp vouchers for more than twenty thousand dollars in cash .
Court documents refer only to congressman a and congressman b. but those same documents suggest that congressman a might in fact be rostenkowski .
The chairman however has not been indicted on any charges and today in washington the congressman spoke out calling the allegations against him unfair false and baseless .
I am presumed innocent .
I have been charged with nothing .
But most importantly i am in fact innocent .
Rostenkowski however refused to answer questions from reporters citing the advice of his new attorney robert bennett an experienced white collar defense lawyer .
The accusations against rostenkowski come at a time when president clinton is counting on the congressman's legendary political savvy to help craft a compromise between house and senate versions of the president's budget .
Today rostenkowski said he has no plans to give up that role .
I will not allow the current situation to interfere with the important legislative work that i and others are presently engaged in and which is so important to the american people .
Former u. s. attorney for the district of columbia j. stevens has accused the clinton administration of dragging its feet in the post office investigation in order to buy some time before a possible indictment of rostenkowski .
But this week white house press secretary dee dee myers denied those allegations saying the administration will not do anything to delay the investigation .
Should rostenkowski be indicted however he would have to step down as chairman of the ways and means committee and president clinton would lose a key ally on capitol hill not only for the current budget battle but for legislation involving trade welfare and perhaps the most crucial item on the president's agenda health care reform .
