I'm jim moret in los angeles .
Talk back live is not being seen so that we can bring you continuing coverage of the o. j. simpson case .
A hearing is underway right now .
Deputy district attorney hank goldberg is addressing the court responding to a defense motion to remove prosecutor christopher darden from the prosecution team .
Let's listen in .
Refused to do so .
What the prosecution did in that case is they said to the cousin we won't make you testify if you get one of the brothers to plead guilty .
To me that seems like outrageous prosecutorial misconduct .
And it seems like it should warrant some extraordinary sanction because it does seem to be a very flagrant misuse of the grand jury process .
The sanction that was sought in that case was <unk> the subpoena and what the court held in that case and it was quite extraordinary was that it was improper to quash the subpoena because they said that even though there was an improper purpose behind <unk> the cousin there was also a proper purpose because he did have some relevant evidence and therefore the court should not have quashed the subpoena .
They also went on at length to describe the rule that once it is shown that the subpoena might aid the grand jury in its investigation because that it cannot be quashed simply because there is also a possibility the prosecutor will use it for some purpose other than obtaining evidence for the grand jury .
And they also went at length describing that as long as the grand jury constitutes a good faith inquiry as to possible criminal charges that any evidence that is discovered incidental to that grand jury can be used in any subsequent criminal proceeding .
So i really don't see what it is about this case that the defense feels actually supports their rule of a wall of separation or supports their argument for the extraordinary sanction they are seeking .
In fact it's a very strong case in favor of the prosecution .
Next they cited <unk> versus oregon .
That was on page five of their brief .
That's just a case that deals with the constitutionality of notice of alibi rules .
It has nothing to do with grand juries at all .
So i won't discuss it further .
And the california case they cited was in re <unk> that was at page six and that simply says that the grand jury was direct the district attorney to issue a subpoena that the district attorney can't issue his own subpoena when he's conducting a grand jury investigation .
It has to do with statutory construction and is not at all pertinent to the issue before this court .
But what these cases do show is that even the most egregious violations and misuse of the grand jury in the federal system to not result in any sanction at all let alone the extraordinary sanctions the defense is seeking here .
I'd next like to turn to a discussion of nine hundred twenty four point six which was the final authority that counsel cited .
But i found his comments about making a motion or wanting to make motion to have the information released extraordinary because i think he is acknowledging as we do that he is going to be entitled to the grand jury transcripts that it would constitute information that would be relevant in this trial .
And once he gets them what on earth is the basis for his argument that there needs to be this continued rule a separation when he is in possession of the exact same materials that we are in possession of .
Well it's not exactly the same .
I mean to be in a grand jury proceeding eyeball to eyeball with witnesses and to be in the position to conduct the examination is different than reading a transcript of what somebody else did .
Yeah that's true your honor and in fact we cited a california case in our points and authorities that talked about a situation where a district attorney had participated in a sting type operation .
And then after he had participated in that he wanted to prosecute the case .
And there was some argument well maybe he's in a better position or he's in a more advantageous position as a result of actually having witnessed the operation and that that's different from reading police reports and the like .
Yet the california courts said that that was not a basis for <unk> .
So i think the precise concern that your honor just raised has been addressed in a california case that is directly analogous .
And also i'd point out your honor that in any case where we have a grand jury and there is an indictment and the transcripts are then turned over to the defense we still have had the advantage of having been there whereas the defense was not so that we could observe the demeanor of witnesses and no one has ever suggested that that presented a reason for <unk> or any kind of problem at all .
Before getting into my discussion on nine hundred twenty four .
Let me just .
Sure .
Forgive me for interrupting you before you move on from that point .
Let me just clarify so it's clear in my mind .
You are conceded on behalf of the prosecution that the defense in this case is entitled to discovery of the transcripts of the cowlings grand jury proceedings .
Yes your honor .
When i say the transcripts of the cowlings grand jury proceedings i'm not referring to the in camera motions or any in camera proceedings that only involve mr. darden simply because those would involve attorney work product .
In other words if he had any in camera proceedings where he was justifying the reasons for calling witnesses and the like and his theory as to the relevance of the witnesses and why they shed some light that would clearly constitute attorney work product .
But as to the grand jury proceeding itself yes we do make that concession .
I'd also like to point out just another misstatement that i do not believe ron philips phil vannatter or tom lange testified before the cowlings grand jury .
I think that was a slight misstatement on the defendant's part although i'm not sure that it's necessarily all that significant .
But the point is once they have everything that we have i don't see the basis for this motion at all .
So what they are seeking seems to be a classic instance of putting the cart before the horse .
In other words if i'm understanding their position and maybe counsel will clarify it for us when he addresses you again is well we don't know for sure that we're going to get everything although the prosecution seems to be conceding this so maybe we won't get everything .
And to the extent that there's some stuff that maybe the prosecution will have that we don't have that's unfair .
But this is a classic instance of an issue that is not right for decision because wouldn't the defense have to go and make that motion .
Wouldn't the court then have to in our view violate the clear mandate of nine hundred twenty four point six which says that we shall give them relevant information .
Wouldn't we have to violate that mandate and hold certain things back and then wouldn't it be right for the defense to come before your honor and say look we didn't get everything .
We need some remedy as a result of this .
But now what they want to do is ask for the remedy before it's proper to do so before they've even made an attempt to seek the evidence .
So i'd submit that it clearly isn't right for the court to decide what if any remedy should be applied for a fact pattern that hasn't occurred yet .
I'd also point out that in addition to having access to the grand jury transcripts which we believe the defense is entitled to they also had access to the witnesses .
They were able to interview the witnesses in fact an order was made to that effect at the time of the grand jury .
I simply don't see how nine hundred twenty four point six supports their position .
In fact it seems to very strongly support the prosecution's position that they are entitled to information that is relevant and is <unk> from the grand jury .
Now the final contention that they made and i think this seems to tie into nine hundred twenty four point six is that somehow the if i'm understanding it correctly the use of the grand jury by the prosecution violates california discovery law as codified by proposition one hundred fifteen in california penal code section one thousand fifty four .
What i'd like to point out about one thousand fifty four if i have the direct quote here is that one thousand fifty four says that discovery shall not occur in criminal cases accept as provided by this chapter and other expressed statutory provisions .
So one thousand fifty four didn't do anything to eliminate other discovery vehicles to the extent that they exist under other statutory provisions found elsewhere in the california penal code or evidence code .
I don't think that it's necessarily proper to characterize i'm not suggesting that it's proper to characterize a grand jury as a discovery vehicle .
I don't think that is an appropriate characterization .
But the point is that one thousand fifty four didn't do anything to change alter or effect the existence statutory scheme with respect to grand juries .
Also what counsel is entitled to under nine hundred twenty four point six is all relevant evidence from the grand jury and i'd go one step further which is to suggest that even if evidence wasn't relevant and admissible which is the language of the statute that if there were somehow if we could somehow imagine a scenario where there was inadmissible evidence that nevertheless pointed to <unk> evidence that the defense would probably be entitled to that too constitutionally speaking and if the statute should be so construed because it should be construed in a manner that's consistent with the united states constitution .
So they get relevant and admissible evidence and then they're going to get anything that points to any <unk> evidence which should cover absolutely everything .
But the point is your honor is that what they are going to get under nine hundred twenty four point six is identical to what they're entitled to under penal code section one thousand fifty four .
In other words what they get under one thousand fifty four is they get all relevant and admissible evidence which is evidence that the prosecution reasonably anticipates introducing such as the names and addresses of witnesses real and physical evidence expert lists .
For the past half an hour you've been listening to deputy district attorney hank goldberg present his arguments defending their use of christopher darden on the prosecution team while president clinton was speaking in miami .
The defense presented its arguments on why it believes christopher darden should be <unk> or removed from the prosecution team .
You may recall that christopher darden led the government case and investigation against al cowlings .
No charges were ever filed .
Let's listen now to an extended excerpt of defense attorney gerald uelmen .
Almost two months after his arrest in august of nineteen ninety four the los angeles county grand jury began hearing evidence including the testimony of many of the witnesses who had testified at the preliminary hearing other witnesses who were anticipated to be trial witnesses some employees of mr. simpson and lawyers and experts assisting in his defense .
Pursuant to that grand jury investigation a subpoena was served on mr. shapiro demanding the production of mr. simpson's personal calendar for the year leading up to june seventeenth .
Mr. shapiro did not have the calendar in his possession but he made arrangements for that to be turned over to the grand jury .
And then on august twelfth in <unk> of this grand jury investigation a search warrant was served at mr. simpson's offices at one thousand one hundred sixty one san <unk> boulevard and a number of documents and telephone records were seized pursuant to that search warrant .
Now of course a grand jury investigation is conducted in secrecy .
The defense has no opportunity to participate in the grand jury proceedings so the conduct of a grand jury investigation while we were in the midst of trial preparation raised a number of serious concerns for the defense with respect to the potential improper use of a grand jury as a discovery tool in order to assist the prosecution to prepare for trial .
So we responded with two motions .
First a motion was filed seeking remedies for prosecutorial abuse of the grand jury function and that motion was heard by judge steven <unk> of this court on august twenty sixth .
At the same time we amended the pending motion to suppress evidence that was before this court to include the evidence seized from mr. simpson's offices on august twelfth .
And the prosecutorial response to both of those motions was essentially the same .
Their response was that a wall had been erected to separate the grand jury investigation from the proceedings of this trial .
When we went before judge <unk> judge <unk> was given a declaration signed by deputy district attorney christopher darden which told him that the only purpose of the grand jury investigation was to determine if there was potential criminal responsibility of al cowlings or others in aiding or abetting a flight by mr. simpson involved in the bronco chase of june seventeenth .
And assurances were given that the investigation was being kept separate from this trial that the prosecutors for the trial team of marcia clark and bill hodgman were not directing mr. darden's activities or receiving the information acquired in the course of his investigation .
And based on those assurances judge <unk> concluded that sanctions were not warranted .
But he did order that the grand jury witnesses should be advised that they could discuss their testimony if they chose with representatives of the defense .
And he also ordered that if any witnesses on the defense witness list for this trial were summoned before the grand jury to testify that the prosecutors should report that to judge <unk> and he should be advised of the nature of the inquiry so that he could continue to exercise the important judicial function of supervising the independence and integrity of the grand jury investigation .
Now with respect to the motion to suppress in response to the motion to suppress your honor was told by the prosecution that they did not intend to use any of the evidence that was seized from mr. simpson's office in this trial so there was no need to <unk> the legality of that search .
And this court was also told that the two matters were being kept to use the precise words of marcia clark as separate as possible .
And that if any evidence from the cowlings inquiry ever becomes germane to this case your honor was told by ms. clark that the prosecution will seek further guidance from this court .
And as far as we know no such guidance has ever been sought .
On october eighteenth mr. darden concluded the grand jury investigation advising the grand jury that their services would no longer be required and on november seventh when district attorney gil garcetti made three very significant announcements with respect to this motion .
Number one he announced that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute mr. cowlings for the charges being investigated by the grand jury and that the grand jury investigation was concluded .
Number two he announced that deputy district attorney christopher darden was being assigned to the trial team for the o. j. simpson trial and that he would play a very active role in court as one of the senior prosecutors in the case .
And number three mr. garcetti announced that he did not regard the assignment of mr. darden to this case to be inconsistent wit the wall of separation that existed between the grand jury investigation and this trial .
He said the wall is there believe me .
That wall is <unk> .
There is no conflict .
Now this motion to recuse mr. darden from the case was then filed .
And i want to emphasize that it is not a challenge to his integrity or to his competence .
It simply asserts that a wall of separation is still necessary between that grand jury investigation and this trial and even though the grand jury has concluded its investigation .
And this wall cannot be maintained and the court cannot perform the functions it has mandated to perform under california law if mr. darden is functioning as an active member of the prosecution team in this trial .
And what i want to do is address the important interests that are still at stake to suggest the continuing need for a wall of separation .
The suggestion that the wall can come down because the grand jury investigation is complete suggests somehow that the wall exists to protect the grand jury and that is simply not the case .
The purpose of a wall of separation is to protect the rights of mr. simpson in this trial and the need to do that continues throughout the trial .
Let's bring in our c. n. n. legal analyst greta van susteren a trial attorney who joins us from our washington studios .
Greta the defense claims that there should be a wall erected between the cowlings grand jury investigation and the simpson case .
What's your assessment .
Well jim first of all california doesn't require that .
What the defense claims is that the prosecution has unfair information because they conducted another investigation a grand jury investigation .
The state of california says fine .
You can have the transcripts from that proceeding so that it is indeed a level playing field .
You have the information that we <unk> the defense then comes back and says well we may have the same information but the grand jury in the cowlings investigation has been <unk> in other words they have used that grand jury to investigate the o. j. simpson case by <unk> before that grand jury witnesses the defense intends to use during the course of the trial which might not otherwise even talk to the prosecution .
So they're also arguing abuse .
Now the prosecution claims that there's no appearance of impropriety in using chris darden on the grand jury investigation and then in the simpson case .
What's your opinion .
Well they may claim there's no appearance of impropriety and that may protect them .
But you have to check the wisdom of the decision to put christopher darden on this case .
The last thing that a prosecutor should do is inject an appellate issue into the case .
Whether they win or lose today if christopher darden remains on that case and if o. j. simpson is indeed convicted that will be an issue in the court of appeals and there may be a reversal in the court of appeals on that issue if the defense should win .
The problem is no prosecutor wants that and mr. garcetti has nine hundred other d. a.'s to select from so you must look at the wisdom of putting mr. darden on this case .
You don't want to create an appellate issue .
Thanks greta .
We will take a short break now and be back with more of c. n. n. coverage of the o. j. simpson case right after this .
