I'm jim moret in los angeles .
Court is in a brief recess right now .
We must concluded the testimony of josephine <unk> .
She was o. j. simpson's housekeeper who was at his residence on june twenty eighth when the lapd served a search warrant and seized a number of items of evidence sixteen items .
And even though we heard seven lapd detectives get on the stand yesterday and today and say that they did not see any officer watching a videotape downstairs josephine <unk> reported to the court in her testimony that she took the controls to the v. c. r. was instructed by the police to turn the v. c. r. on so that they could watch one of the items seized which was a videotape called <unk> .
It was a t. v. pilot that o. j. simpson had just completed where he played a navy seal officer .
The court has indicated that it will entertain additional witnesses .
The defense intends to call criminalist dennis fung over the objections of marcia clark the prosecutor .
The judge said this is the fifth time marcia clark has raised the objection he will hear the testimony .
Roger cossack what do you make of all this today .
Well you can see why judge ito is really a beloved judge in los angeles by both the defense and the prosecution .
In the last few days he's been knocking the defense pretty good and the prosecution has won everything .
This time obviously something that the defense has done has piqued his interest and he wants to hear it and marcia clark can complain and complain and complain as she has and finally he said to her look stop complaining .
I'm going to listen to this motion .
Now that doesn't mean he's going to grant it but what it means is that he's interested enough to hear the evidence and i think that's significant .
Greta van susteren the defense is trying to show that the search was overly broad and outside the scope of the warrant .
Does it appear to you that the judge may be inclined to agree with that .
I don't know it's hard to say jim .
I mean it does seem like they seized a lot of things that may not have any connection to this particular prosecution but what the remedy is is to exclude that evidence seized .
And of course it really much of the evidence that they seized it's irrelevant will not be something the prosecution wants to use anyway .
I don't expect that we're going to see the birth tape of o. j. simpson's child nor his wedding and i don't that the prosecution particularly cares if the judge says yes that was beyond the scope of the warrant .
I'm going to throw that out .
Then why fight this battle .
Well the reason the prosecution is fighting the battle is because the defense has filed this motion and the judge says it does have merit and i'm going to hear it to see whether or not i'm going to rule with the defense .
The defense really doesn't expect to win .
This is an uphill battle roger and i have said that from the very beginning because there is a warrant and there's a presumption that a warrant is good and that the officers have executed correctly .
But the reason the defense wants to do it is to get information .
They're learning an awful lot about the prosecution's case every time they ask a question of one of the prosecution witnesses .
Secondly what they're trying to do here is also perhaps poison the judge a little bit against the prosecution .
Some one is lying .
Either their single witness the housekeeper or these seven police officers are lying .
Somebody is lying i don't know who it is but someone is .
Roger is the inference here clearly on the defense standpoint that the inference would be the police are lying .
Well they put on a very credible and a very believable witness who is just a housekeeper who stands up there and clearly apparently forthrightly says without a bone to pick and says listen they asked me how to turn on this entertainment system which is probably a difficult thing to figure out anyway and put on this tape and she did it and she heard it and she says it and now you have these other police officers saying well i don't know i don't think so i didn't see anybody while it was on but the news was on .
I think if there was a one eight hundred call in number here it would pretty much be in favor of the housekeeper .
Greta we heard some testimony about the arrangement of the photographs .
The housekeeper testified that when she went back upstairs after the police search that there were photographs placed where they should not have been .
What's the significance of that .
What that is again jim is an effort by the defense to show that these police officer are not believable .
When they say they seized things because they saw a connection to the homicide maybe they shouldn't be believed because there's another suggestion that they may be lying about other things .
For instance whether they're lying about how they set up the photos in a shrine .
Remember they asked a lot of questions of these police officers about whether or not the photos were arranged in a particular way .
The police said no the housekeeper comes on and says yes .
It's the same thing with the <unk> tape .
They say they didn't see it she says they did and what the defense is saying is judge do not believe these police officers because we have a witness who says in essence that they're lying .
Now whether or not the judge agrees we'll learn as soon as he rules on the motion .
We will take advantage of this court recess and be back with more on c. n. n.'s coverage of the o. j. simpson case right after this .
