Why would a spray of water change direction and even defy gravity to jump onto a leaf .
We'll show you why and how it's led to a better way to apply pesticides .
Also what it takes to build a mirror more than twenty feet across and how the giant mirror will help scientists learn more about the origins of the universe .
And how simple plastic nets on a mountain top improve the quality of life in the valley below .
Those stories and more are just ahead .
Hello thanks for joining us .
I'm leon harris .
Miles o'brien is on vacation this week .
Checking your tires for wear can be quite a <unk> especially if you drive a tractor trailer rig that has eighteen tires to worry about and traveling hundreds of miles a day .
Well now tire manufacturers are testing a new system that makes the tires tell you how they're doing .
C. n. n.'s miles o'brien reports .
For truck driver larry allen this is an important ritual .
Every three hundred miles he pulls over and thumps his tires all eighteen of them .
Tires running low on air pressure or something another one blows out right there's three or four hundred dollars for a tire .
Not to mention the hazard .
Engineers at tire giant goodyear say they have come up with a high tech alternative to thumping and guessing how long a tire will last .
That number's the unique identification of the tire .
It's a smart <unk> embedded inside a tiny <unk> which acts as an electronic i. d. tag .
The i. d. number allows truck lines to easily determine the age and maintenance history of each tire .
Right now tire management is a labor intensive job .
Companies that take the time to track their tires must brand them then inspect each tire manually .
Freight lines interested in smart tires see potential savings .
We're frankly not interested in making a fortune on this technology .
We're interested in the trucking industry becoming more competitive .
In addition to the i. d. number engineers are working on chips which can also give instantaneous pressure and temperature readings .
On a vehicle that has eighteen tires if only two tires required inflation the mechanic could forget about the other sixteen and thereby save eighty nine percent of the labor required for checking all those tires .
And under inflation is what causes <unk> .
This one right here would probably run the way it's busted on the sides it was low in air when it blew .
Goodyear believes trucking firms using the new technology will extend the life of their tires by fifteen percent and make better decisions on when or if to <unk> .
Fleet operators predict any savings would be passed on to consumers .
But goodyear hopes that isn't the only potential benefit to consumers .
The company believes if sells of smart tires go well among trucking fleets the tires may one day be cost effective for passenger cars .
It could mean you have a tire pressure gauge on your dashboard right beside your speedometer .
While it will be years before that happens goodyear says smart truck tires will be rolling down the road early next year delivering improved and efficiency and safety when the rubber meets the road .
