Good evening from national public radio in washington i'm jacki lyden with all things considered .
In san antonio texas eleven defendants are acquitted on murder and murder conspiracy charges in last year's shoot out at the branch davidian compound in waco .
Also unrest in israel continues and political opponents of boris yeltsin are released in russia .
And an interview with an author who has autism .
Donna williams broke out of a secret world that kept her apart from life .
Some people see autism in a very mystical way that it's like some kind of magic skill that the person's gonna wake up from .
Donna williams who wrote somebody somewhere .
First we have this update of the day's news .
It's all things considered .
I'm jacki lyden .
A verdict today in the trial of eleven members of the branch davidian cult in waco texas .
All eleven defendants were acquitted of murder and murder conspiracy charges in the deaths of four federal agents who died in the shoot out when the bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms raided the compound of religious leader david koresh one year ago .
Today seven of the defendants were convicted of voluntary manslaughter and lesser weapons charges .
But the maximum prison term they face is ten years a far cry from the mandatory life sentence the government had sought .
Npr's john burnett reports from san antonio texas .
The eleven branch davidians pale and sad eyed from their almost year long captivity smiled broadly and shook their attorneys' hands as they left the courtroom this afternoon .
Four defendants were found innocent of all charges of those ruth riddle of canada and norman allison of england are being held by the immigration and naturalization service for over staying their visas .
Two other davidians were released from custody today woodrow <unk> and clive doyle .
Doyle his eyes red and his chin quivering was emotional as he spoke to reporters inside the federal courthouse here .
Doyle is a fifty two year old australian who became a u. s. citizen .
His daughter sherrie died in the fire .
Well i'm very happy to be free today but it's somewhat of a hollow victory because all of our friends are not walking out with us .
I want to say that branch davidians are not anti government .
We're not anti law enforcement and i'm sorry that there are four agents that are dead and there are lots that were wounded .
Personally i believe if those in charge of their agencies caused that that's my personal conviction .
Five other defendants brad branch kevin <unk> jaime <unk> livingston <unk> and <unk> <unk> were found guilty of <unk> charges voluntary manslaughter described as a sudden passion arising from inadequate cause .
In addition graham <unk> was convicted of possession of a hand grenade and paul <unk> was convicted for possession of a machine gun and aiding and abetting david koresh in the possession of a machine gun .
After the verdicts a spokesman for the bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms read a terse statement from the agency saying we fully accept the verdict .
Though the verdict was seen as a blow to the government's whole theory of prosecution u. s. attorney bill johnston standing next to lead prosecutor ray young appeared upbeat and unfazed .
And i want to encourage all law enforcement throughout this wonderful country and especially a. t. f. to keep their chin up that seven individuals out of eleven have been convicted for crimes related to this five for aiding and abetting and voluntary manslaughter .
Defense attorneys were considerably more impassioned in their remarks .
Many had dedicated their services pro bono for almost a year .
Dan <unk> represented clive doyle .
I don't know what courtroom mr. <unk> was in but for the government to describe this as a victory is about like the government describing negotiations with a tank .
I think this sends a loud and clear message to law enforcement that you don't negotiate with tanks that you don't assault a house when there's people inside that don't need to be assaulted and you don't bring a case that you can't prove .
This jury is as courageous a jury as any jury that's ever returned a verdict .
My hat goes off to them .
Attorney tim evans who represented norman allison cautioned that the war on crime mentality that is sweeping this country bred the events that happened the events that happened outside waco last year and he says today's verdict should send an urgent message .
You know it's like a small child .
When you don't tell law enforcement no and when all the politicians fight each other to prove who's the toughest on crime they get that bit in their teeth and the horse can run away .
This jury has slowed down the runaway horse and i invite each of you americans to think it through because if we don't say whoa every now and then we're gonna wind up with a paramilitary national police force clad in the same combat boots and waving flags on tanks as you saw in waco texas .
The government had tried to prove the davidians participated in david koresh's theology of death and they carefully planned an ambush of federal agents .
The defense argued all along the a. t. f. was to blame for the fifty one day standoff and that cult members were defending themselves from an unprovoked attack .
Among the most damaging evidence to the prosecution a nine hundred eleven call the cult made to the sheriff's office during the gun battle in which a davidian pleaded for federal agents to stop their attack .
Testimony from the government's key witness a davidian named katherine schroeder who stated there was never any agreement to kill the a. t. f. .
And another prosecution witness marjorie thomas who was inside the compound said that koresh taught them only to defend mountain .
Carmel rather than initiate hostilities .
Judge walter smith said he will assess the sentences and possible fines in about six to eight weeks .
