This is wolf blitzer c. n. n. senior white house correspondent here on the south lawn of the white house where the president of the united states is welcoming home troops from operation restore hope in somalia .
He's joined by <unk> general robert johnston of the u. s. marine corps who was the commander of operation restore hope .
The band is playing here and there are a lot of military personnel representatives of all four branches of the u. s. military have gathered here on the south lawn .
The operation was officially turned over to the united nations yesterday and even though the troops are being welcomed home at this token representation here there are still some four thousand u. s. military personnel in somalia working as part of a continuing united nations operation .
The president is expected to make some remarks .
He just presented general johnston with the distinguished service medal for his work in operation restore hope .
Now the president of the united states .
Thank you very much .
Please be seated .
To all of our distinguished guests from all the services general powell and the joint chiefs secretary aspin mr. vice president ladies and gentlemen and especially to general johnston and the men and women of the unified task force in somalia general johnston has just reported to me mission accomplished .
And so on behalf of all the american people i say to you general and to all of whom you brought with you welcome home and thank you for a job very very well done .
You represent the thousands who served in this crucial operation in the first marine expeditionary force in the army tenth mountain division aboard the navy's tripoli amphibious ready group in the air force and air national guard airlift squadrons and in other units in each of our services .
Over thirty thousand american military personnel served at some time in these last five months in somalia .
And serving alongside you were thousands of others from twenty nations .
Although your mission was humanitarian and not combat you nonetheless faced difficult and dangerous conditions .
You sometimes were subjected to abuse and forced to dodge rocks and even bullets .
You saw first hand the horror of hunger disease and death .
But you pressed on with what you set out to do and you were successful .
You have served in the best tradition of the armed forces of the united states and you have made the american people very very proud .
In the weeks to come we will formally recognize the contributions of those who participated in operation restore hope but earlier today to honor their accomplishments and that of all who supported that effort i awarded to general johnston the defense distinguished service medal in recognition not only of his extraordinary service but also of all those who served with him so well .
Thank you all for your dedicated work .
To understand the magnitude of what our forces in somalia accomplished the world need only look back at somalia's condition just six months ago .
Hundreds of thousands of people were starving .
Armed anarchy ruled the land and the streets of every city and town .
Today food is flowing crops are growing schools and hospitals are re opening .
Although there is still much to be done if enduring peace is to prevail one can now envision a day when somalia will be reconstructed as a functioning civil society .
If all of you who served had not gone it is absolutely certain that tens of thousands would have died by now .
You saved their lives .
You gave the people of somalia the opportunity to look beyond starvation and focus on their future and the future of their children .
Although you went on a mission of peace eight americans did not return .
We salute each of them .
We thank them and their families .
America will never forget what they did or what they gave .
To their loved ones we extend our hearts and our prayers .
As we honor the service of those who have returned and those who did not it is fitting that we reflect on what this successful mission signifies for the future .
This the largest humanitarian relief operation in history has written an important new chapter in the international <unk> of peacekeeping and humanitarian assistance .
You have shown that the work of the just can prevail over the arms of the warlords .
You have demonstrated that the world is ready to mobilize its resources in new ways to face the challenges of a new age .
And you have proved yet again that american leadership can help to mobilize international action to create a better world .
You also leave behind a u. n. peacekeeping force with a significant american component .
This force is a reflection of the new era we have entered for it has americans participating in new ways .
Just hours ago general johnston turned over command to general <unk> of turkey as <unk> became <unk> two .
You set the stage and made it possible for that force to do its mission and for the somalis to complete the work of rebuilding and creating a peaceful self sustaining and democratic civil society .
Your successful return reminds us that other missions lie ahead for our nation .
Some we can foresee and others we cannot .
As always we stand ready to defend our interests working with others where possible and by ourselves where necessary .
But increasingly in this new era we will need to work with an array of multinational partners often in new arrangements .
You have proved again that that is possible .
You have proved again that our involvement in multilateral efforts need not be open ended or ill defined that we can go abroad and accomplish some distinct objectives and then come home again when the mission is accomplished .
Some will ask why with the cold war ended we must still support the world's greatest military forces the kind that general johnston and his comrades represent .
I say it is because we still have interests we still face threats we still have responsibilities .
The world has not seen the end of evil and america can lead other countries to share more of the responsibilities that they ought to be <unk> .
Some will ask why we must so often be the one to lead .
Well of course we cannot be the world's policeman but we are and we must continue to be the world's leader .
That is the job of the united states of america .
And so today america opens its arms in a hearty welcome home .
General to you and all the men and women who served with you you have the admiration of the world and the thanks of your country for continuing the tradition of our armed forces and the values that make us proud to be americans and for proving that we can lead and serve in new ways in a new world .
In the words of the scriptures blessed are the peacemakers .
Thank you very much .
I would like to say that this has been in a very long military career maybe of the most gratifying missions .
To have seen young children who <unk> at you <unk> because they probably didn't know what it was like to ever be happy struggling to survive and to have seen a u. s. led coalition able to turn that around makes us feel awfully good to be americans .
And i think that what we've seen especially i'm receiving the medal but a lot of eighteen and nineteen year old men and women in uniform who demonstrated enormous discipline good judgment and a good deal of patience in performing a rather unique mission .
I don't think that any other country in the world could have done what we did to have led this coalition .
And i saw it in the response of somalis who when they saw an american in the chocolate chip would give you this sign or this sign and say american .
It is a good feeling to be an american to be wearing this uniform and very importantly to be back in the united states .
And thank you all for your great support over these past five months and especially my thanks to the president of the united states our commander in chief for giving us such a warm welcome home .
Thank you very much .
So the president of the united states welcoming home troops from operation restore hope in somalia .
He's now walking over to meet some of the representatives from the army navy the air force and marine corps .
Representatives of all four of the military branches did participate in operation restore hope in somalia .
It was a mission that was originally ordered into action by president bush supported by president clinton and in his remarks he of course was referring to the operation restore hope in somalia but certainly one of his messages was the possibility that u. s. troops might be deployed in bosnia .
Officials here at the white house are awaiting the decision of the bosnian serb parliament today on whether or not the bosnian serbs will go ahead and ratify the so called vance owen agreement .
That could set the stage for military involvement in u. s. military involvement international military involvement to police or get involved in some sort of peacekeeping force .
The president is shaking hands with many of the individual representatives .
He says the mission was well defined and successful .
And of course u. s. officials are now waiting to see if the next mission will be as well defined and as successful .
