Hundreds of world war two veterans spent this memorial day weekend in style .
The boarded the ocean liner <unk> and they embarked this afternoon from new york harbor on their way to normandy france and the fiftieth anniversary commemoration of d. day .
During the d. day invasion the was no community in the united states that lost more young men per capita than the small town of bedford virginia .
A. b. c.'s mike von fremd paid a visit and found that memories are still vivid and the loss is still deep .
The old timers say bedford looks much the same today as it did fifty years ago .
Some of the storefront names have changed sunny <unk> vitamins used to be the western union booth .
This is where one family after another would receive official word of the tragic news .
I was working with my sister that day and she saw the man when he started toward me with the telegram and she motioned him back .
The telegram said master sergeant john wilkes was killed in action on d. day .
He had been married to <unk> <unk> less than three years .
His death was front page news here .
The whole papers were just full of pictures of our bedford men that had been killed .
And i remember saying to my sister well they have just killed them all .
Nineteen bedford men were killed on omaha beach on d. day a staggering loss for a community of less than three thousand five hundred .
We were getting ready to go to church on sunday morning and the sheriff brought out the first telegram saying my older brother bedford had been killed .
And then the following day on monday we received a second telegram saying my younger brother raymond was missing in action .
Bedford has become a symbol of the <unk> cost .
And the loss of life in this small community had an impact on the nation .
The military changed its policy of grouping large numbers of men from the same hometown in the same unit .
The bedford men who died were all from company a an untested virginia national guard unit that was proud to have been selected to be the first to hit the beaches .
We went over the regulars to be chosen to hit on the beach .
And i thought that was a great honor .
Company a suffered a ninety six percent casualty rate .
That day was a terrible day .
That was one of the worst days i've ever spent in my life .
Roy stevens lost his twin brother ray and says the only reason his life was spared was because his boat sank before it reached the beach .
I feel like that all those boys died that day it wasn't for nothing .
It wasn't for <unk> .
They died for a purpose .
And that's the reason you and i are here today to maintain that freedom .
It made us all realize what war is about .
And i think it will go down in history that bedford will always be remembered for the lives that they gave .
Of the nineteen men that were killed during the invasion thirteen were laid to rest in normandy .
The other six are buried here overlooking this town that felt the loss of d. day more dearly than any community in america .
Mike von fremd a. b. c. news bedford virginia .
Finally this reminder .
Wednesday night at nine thirty eastern time a special and moving look at d. day by those who were there on the a. b. c. news magazine turning point anchored by peter jennings .
That's world news sunday .
I'm carole simpson .
Have a safe and happy holiday .
