The show is over and its time for the analysis to begin .
Astronomers will be studying thousands of images of the comet bombardment of jupiter .
Scientists have received hundreds of photos from <unk> all over the world not to mention amateur pictures .
C. n. n.'s miles o'brien reports .
This is not the darkest .
Biggest dark region on jupiter .
Image by image the screens in the control room for the hubbell space telescope have become windows to a distant disaster .
For astronomers like john clark it is compelling viewing .
You know you never know what's going to come out on the next image .
It's very exciting it's it's riveting .
This was the scene in this room a week ago when the first image of a bruised and battered jupiter filled the computer screens here at the space telescope science institute .
Today that champagne bottle is a cherished memento in astronomer melissa <unk> office .
Once the first impact was over and we knew it was going to be a spectacular event and so we knew we were going to see every single one of them then we got serious .
Did they ever .
Working frantically around the clock astronomers here pulled down no less than four hundred images of the turbulent trail of the kamikaze comet shoemaker levy nine the latest showing time <unk> animation of the huge mushroom clouds and the wind driven movement of material from the impact zones .
I think we will be able to pull together a coherent story about what it was that happened on jupiter this past week .
Dazzling images from ground based <unk> are offering thousands of additional pieces to the complex puzzle .
Even amateur astronomers recorded the dark comet storm on jupiter .
Astronomers say their computers are swollen with images and electronic mail from colleagues offering new theories .
It's sort of like a tidal wave that's overwhelmed us all and we're sort of tumbling through looking at bits and pieces .
It's going to take a while before we look at it all .
By the end of august new images of jupiter will stop filling the screens here at the hubbell control room .
The planet will have moved too close to the sun for viewing by the space telescope .
Astronomers won't get another look until january .
I'd like to come back from jupiter and rejoin the real world for a while .
Sure comet co <unk> david levy and gene and carolyn shoemaker will watch what happens on jupiter with interest .
But now that their string of pearls baby has gone out with several <unk> it's time again to scan the heavens .
If the solar system has that sort of surprise for us who knows what the next one will be and i hope to be in on that too .
So back to the telescope they will go <unk> memories of the week we all became struck by a comet .
