There's new momentum toward peace in the middle east this morning .
Israel's prime minister yitzhak rabin and jordan's king hussein will meet at the white house and according to different reports may or may not sign a joint declaration which would end hostilities that have existed between the two countries since nineteen forty eight .
C. n. n. correspondent john holliman is at the white house following developments .
Can you tell us john on the question of will they or won't they .
They're going to sign something bob .
We just don't know yet what it is and i'll tell you security at the white house for this visit by the king of jordan and the prime minister of israel is tighter than usual this morning .
We're speaking to you know from the rose garden .
In about two hours from now we'll get to see the two middle eastern leaders and president clinton here in a brief arrival ceremony before the president has individual private talks with each of them and then a joint talk with the two of them and then finally at the end of all that there will be a series of joint statements here on the south side of the white house from all three leaders .
The two leaders will be arriving at about ten o'clock eastern time two hours from now at the northwest gate of the white house .
And this will be the first public meeting for them .
The result is expected to be a statement that hostilities are over and a full fledged peace agreement could be coming soon .
The state department's special mid east coordinator dennis ross says there could be some immediate improvement in relations because of the meeting .
Well i think you have to look at the meeting as having something that <unk> both symbol because it's a manifestation of public acceptance and recognition but also substance .
And i think that's what one will see emerge here later today .
Not only do you have a major threshold being crossed in terms of the meeting but they will in fact they will provide a great deal of political and economic content in what emerges from today and you'll see an <unk> of movement towards a peace treaty .
You will see an <unk> in movement towards cooperation and you will see an <unk> in the development of normal relations between the two .
And that's a significant change .
What's the difference between what's happening today and a peace treaty .
Well the difference between this and a peace treaty is that a peace treaty by definition is a lot more detailed .
Every issue that is out there to be resolved or is left open is has somehow been discussed and has been negotiated .
We're still at a relatively early stage in terms of having identified a very wide range of issues between the parties that they are still discussing .
But what you're seeing in this particular track right now is an effort not only to negotiate the details of the issues that still separate them you see them actually beginning to take shape and develop a whole process of cooperation .
C. n. n.'s live coverage of the arrival of the two leaders will begin less than two hours from now ten o'clock eastern time and it's expected prime minister rabin king hussein and president clinton will talk about what they've been discussing in the white house at eleven forty a. m. .
Eastern time .
C. n. n. will have live coverage of that as well .
Then tomorrow the two middle eastern leaders will go to capitol hill to address a joint meeting of the united states congress .
That's at eleven o'clock eastern time and again c. n. n. will be there with live coverage .
