A sensitivity to wheat can cause some major eating problems and c. n. n.'s food and health correspondent carolyn o'neil reports .
At the potts family farm in oregon city <unk> hasn't always been so easy .
When harvey potts was a seven year old he developed a sensitivity to wheat .
That meant most <unk> cereals <unk> crackers and cookies were off limits .
In some ways it was frustrating because others couldn't really relate because they didn't have the allergies .
Phyllis potts has a sensitivity to wheat too .
A true allergy to wheat is rare and can be life threatening but phyllis potts says she's convinced in her case and her son's <unk> to blame for a variety of symptoms .
I have a lot of digestive problems i'll feel a little irritable i'll feel tired very tired .
So it just makes me feel better to avoid it .
That's why phyllis set out to find wheat free recipes .
But phyllis potts couldn't find a cookbook of wheat free recipes so she wrote one herself right here .
You may have heard of desktop publishing well this is more like dining room <unk> publishing .
Over the course of fifteen years phyllis has reworked hundreds of wheat free recipes and now she's put two hundred fifty of them into her own cookbook going against the grain .
Recipes range from emily <unk> delicate rice cake to chocolate <unk> to a bacon quiche .
Even <unk> toughest critics give thumbs up .
It used to be that she would tell me she's making wheat free <unk> and i wouldn't like them .
And now it's she doesn't even tell me and just makes them you know and you can hardly tell the difference .
But when the wheat has to go something else has to work .
Phyllis says her secret is a combination of rice chick pea or <unk> bean flowers .
The combination of the two makes a really nice cookie makes pretty good bread makes a very nice pie crust .
And even though it's not a best seller the response to the book shows that there are others who share the need for wheat free recipes .
So far she's sold one thousand five hundred copies .
A loaf of bread is still a little bit elusive .
I do make bread but i haven't come across the perfect bread yet .
But as phyllis continues to experiment in her farmhouse kitchen that elusive loaf of wheat free bread is almost ready thanks to a grain called <unk> .
And since more and more recipes are piling up on her dining room table book number two is well underway .
