Change in the welfare system is also in the air .
The presidential task force is studying welfare reform .
C. n. n. senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer reports on what may happen next .
Doris morales is a success story .
A single mother with a two year old daughter she had been on welfare for nine months before florida's project independence worked with her to find a job .
She says she needed a push to get off welfare .
I think that there's a lot of people that can become abusive not through just welfare but other programs that the state offers and i think it's important to get these people finally back out there not rely on the program say you know for years and years to go .
President clinton agrees .
The government cannot create success .
They have people have responsibilities in the area of work to make sure they're educated and trained .
They're going to have responsibilities in the welfare reform area to take education training and move from welfare to work .
But other issues have taken priority and even though his aides have put together dozens of recommended reforms they do not expect legislation until health care reform is well along in the congressional process .
But they insist it is coming .
We may have to find savings in other programs to pay for welfare reform but the thing to keep in mind is that we spend billions on welfare programs right now that are designed to keep people on welfare for life and we want to make welfare a second chance not a way of life .
One way of doing that is to limit benefits .
We want to make sure that the welfare system expects something from everybody .
That's why the two year time limit is so important .
Other reforms under consideration include prohibiting aid to teenagers unless they live with a parent or a responsible adult and offering subsidies to employers to hire welfare recipients something virginia is already doing .
This hospital in alexandria is the largest employer in the city .
We thought it gave us an opportunity to hire some people who are looking for work and who want a job and at the same time worked towards achieving the goals of the local city folks .
Like virginia and florida other states have experimented with welfare reform .
Some of these projects could serve as models for national change .
Mr. clinton is by no means the first president to try to do something about welfare .
Many before him have tried but always without much success .
His aides however think the american public and the congress are now ready for action .
