Thanks for joining us .
Presidential preference tests are underway in both oregon and washington at this hour .
George bush who has a numerical lock on the g. o. p. nomination is expected to win in a walk in both states .
Bill clinton is expected to come out ahead on the democratic side .
Already he has more then sixty percent of the delegates he needs for nomination .
Clinton's current strategy fine tuning themes for a fall face off against the incumbent .
One issue on his agenda aids .
He raised it last night at a rally in hollywood .
C. n. n.'s charles bierbauer is with the clinton campaign .
He has our report .
Governor clinton told the gay and lesbian rally there'd be an aids czar in his administration and a real war against aids .
One person should be in charge .
One person who can cut across all the departments and agencies who has the president's ear and the president's arm .
Clinton criticized the bush administration for being silent until the famous fall such as magic johnson and called on the pentagon to end discrimination against homosexuals .
The pentagon had a study which said there was no reason not to .
The secretary of defense himself obviously personally very uncomfortable at not changing the rule said it was a <unk> little rule .
Clinton said the aids problem will get prominent notice at the democratic convention .
While the stance on aids may win applause some democrats may be less comfortable with clinton's bold embrace of the gay and lesbian community .
The question is whether clinton's outreach to the gay community could turn against him in some of the conservative religious right areas of some of the reagan democrats .
And that's possible .
The hollywood rally came at the beginning of a week in which clinton plans to spell out his views on family values .
That will come in a speech thursday in cleveland .
He clearly intends to serve notice that george bush even with barbara the grand kids and the dogs does not have a monopoly claim on family issues .
Clinton has made head to head challenges to the president's policies from foreign policy to the economy .
Clinton himself has a lot to do now .
The convention delegates will pretty much take care of themselves by june second .
But the full size campaign must be built in little rock and the presidential candidate must be <unk> for the fall .
Clinton aides acknowledge that the governor was buffeted by the character accusations of the early primary and still needs to define himself for many voters .
That makes this next phase of the campaign critical for clinton since whatever image he carries out of it is going to have to get him through the fall election .
Charles bierbauer c. n. n. albuquerque .
