While economists see the numbers favorably do they translate favorably for everyday americans .
Well c. n. n.'s don knapp checks the pulse from san francisco .
A weak economy and a company consolidation cost dave <unk> his banking job last september .
Now after eight months of unemployment he's back managing another bank .
The first few months that i was out of work nothing was happening .
I wasn't even getting informational interviews .
But around the beginning of the year people started wanting to talk to people and i was talking to companies who had actual jobs .
<unk> is optimistic about the economy in general .
There are some signs from our customers that they're asking for more money in the form of loans .
Deposits are starting to go back up .
These are all signs that things are picking up .
Business is also up in the shoe repair shop says the manager .
But he sees it as a sign the economy is down .
A lot more people are repairing the shoes that they have instead of going out and spending the money to buy new shoes .
What's that say to you .
It says to me people are really still leery about spending a lot of money .
The shoe shine business if measured correctly can also be an economic indicator .
There are more shoe <unk> that are coming out .
That means that a lot of people are losing jobs and the belt is getting tight .
Business is real good .
Good .
Yes sir .
What's that tell you about the economy .
The economy's picking up .
It's picking up slowly but surely but it's picking up .
Bicycle messenger <unk> says his business is good but he's pessimistic .
We get a lot of business from like lawyers and stuff like that .
It's like all i can think of is like a whole bunch of people going bankrupt or something like that .
I would be able to come to this point and probably see around fifteen twenty people standing here looking for a shuttle .
Whereas now you come here there's nothing .
Tourism is a major industry in san francisco it's down .
We have to drop our rates to sell rooms to those groups and those groups that come in are groups that traditionally don't tip as a rule .
Statistically the economy may be doing well .
But people on san francisco streets have trouble believing that .
I think a lot of the what the indicators are the guys are just playing with the statistics .
That really isn't happening yet .
The government report that showed the economy growing also says profits are up but because companies aren't holding back on hiring .
