Have you ever wondered what you might be capable of doing in a really desperate situation .
How far could you be pushed before you pushed back .
Well the man you're about to meet reached his limit and then acted .
He was a devoted family man and a former policeman so the community was shocked when he was arrested for armed robbery .
Why would this unlikely suspect turn to crime .
Well tonight tom jarriel takes you behind the scenes of this baffling incident .
And like so many of the tragic stories we hear about every day the deeper you look the more you can understand .
It was just before nine o'clock o'clock on a quiet friday night in white plains new york .
Liquor salesman <unk> <unk> was closing up for the night .
These are your security windows .
Yes they are .
<unk> had no idea this august evening was about to turn into a nightmare .
Just a few miles away in this apartment building a desperate man was reaching his breaking point .
I said i have to get money .
I have to get money .
At first it seemed like a routine case of armed robbery like one of thousands that occur each night across the country .
I took one of my guns .
I'm going to go up to the store and i'll get somewhere around one thousand five hundred dollars to two thousand dollars .
What made this armed robbery different was the robber had been a cop a highly decorated police officer with awards and <unk> who was crossing a threshold in his life .
I stopped on a side street .
I put on a stocking mask a red stocking mask .
He reached in his righthand pocket and took out a gun .
And i said you know you know what this is and he said yeah .
I said all right you know put the money in the bag <unk> happen .
He says lay down on the floor or you're going to be a dead man .
Still had the gun on you .
Yes sir .
I got down here on the floor as such .
He had said to me if i got up in less than five minutes i was going to be a dead man .
My body just shook terribly .
Right .
I thought i was going to get shot in the back of the head and i thought it was going to be all over for me .
The arrest of ex police officer eric <unk> stunned the community .
Home videos show <unk> as a devoted family man and he had come from a family who had dedicated their lives to law enforcement .
His father a police chief had served as president of the county's police chiefs association .
His grandfather had proudly walked a beat in harlem for twenty years .
So what circumstances could possibly drive a former cop to commit armed robbery threatening a life for one thousand five hundred dollars .
It was soon discovered that for the past years eric <unk> life had been a living hell .
First officer <unk> had seriously injured his back during an arrest and had to retire from the police force .
He was a good cop and when he had to retire it it was devastating .
<unk> wife liz is a registered nurse .
She and eric went to high school together getting married six years ago .
You've said that some misfortune seemed to set in your life almost from the time you got back from your honeymoon .
We call it the <unk> curse .
What they call the <unk> curse began with the suicide of <unk> beloved father the night they returned home from a blissful honeymoon .
His older brother as well committed suicide .
But the burden of the curse for eric seemed to have finally been lifted as liz gave birth to a little baby boy they named christopher .
Christopher's birth was the greatest thing that could have ever happened to me .
I felt like my whole life was turning around .
But while still in the hospital the doctors diagnosed baby christopher with a rare heart disorder called wolf parkinson white syndrome .
He had a heart condition and we addressed it properly but after that was under control with medication we brought him home .
When he was a year old he started walking to the day .
And at two years he was hitting baseballs .
He was very very athletic .
But liz and eric knew that little christopher's condition was like a time bomb .
At any moment the electrical impulses of his heart could short circuit and cause instant death .
They heard about a specialist in oklahoma who had devised a surgical procedure to correct the problem .
On july ninth nineteen ninety two the <unk> family flew together to oklahoma for their son's operation .
I made christopher promise the night before the surgery when he got <unk> and he asked me he said mommy please don't leave me' then i said <unk> i promise until we go home i will not leave you .
And what happened in the operation .
We don't exactly know exactly what happened .
We just know that his something went terribly awry and he lost his a large amount of he lost oxygen to his heart to his brain because of a <unk> through his heart from one of the <unk> which is very hard to talk about .
And the morning of the surgery he said i love you .
I love you mommy .
I love you mommy .
I love you mommy .
I love you .
He said and he said good bye .
That was it .
And that was the last thing i ever said to him was i love you .
You're coming back to me .
Physically today he's completely <unk> .
We have to care for him twenty four hours a day seven days a week .
We can't leave him with anybody .
He is legally blind .
But he does hear .
Yes .
Oh he definitely does hear because at times we do get responses from him and we do get smiles .
And those little bits of smiles are the greatest gifts .
The <unk> say doctors originally told them christopher would snap out of it and come to that it was only a matter of time .
Liz and eric spent night after night by their son's bedside waiting for that to happen but it never did .
Today christopher lives disabled from the neck down and brain damaged .
To what extent the doctors are not sure .
What the <unk> suggested is that we in a sense commit him to a long term facility .
In other words put him away place him .
Right .
We thought about it for about one second and then we turned to each other and we said there's no way on god's green earth are we going to put our son away in any home no matter what .
We are going to <unk> my wife gave birth to him .
We played with him .
We took care of him for two and a half years when he was prior to his injury .
And just because of his injury not treating him any differently .
We will take care of him the as long as i'm alive and my wife is alive .
They did this in part through a state run program monitored by the department of social services or dss .
Case workers make regular visits to see that the quality of care is maintained in the home and there was much that had to be done for little christopher .
Since he has no muscle control he must be fed through a tube in his stomach .
He has severe muscle <unk> and takes seven to ten medications daily .
And his heart problem was never corrected so he remains in constant danger of heart failure .
And the cost of these medications doctors' visits and special equipment has been never ending .
It's been thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars .
We have bills coming in at us every single day except sunday because there's no mail .
Eric did have a small pension and some insurance but it was only a drop in the bucket toward the hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical bills that kept adding up .
How did you personally begin to deal with the pressures that were building up on you .
I was running from my problems .
I would say they're overwhelming me .
Run drink take your pain killers get away from it .
It was just like a volcano just waiting to erupt .
The pressures were such that collection agencies calling ten eleven times a day .
The bank we got overdrafts bounced checks .
There was no money .
We had gotten all the help from our parents that we could get and there was there were no other ways to get money .
She was afraid as i became afraid also that that social services would step in if we couldn't pay our bills and take christopher from us .
To make ends meet eric went to work part time in the very liquor store he would later rob .
And on the night of august sixth nineteen ninety three he made a desperate decision .
I didn't need a fortune .
I wasn't looking to rob a bank or get a fortune or you know become a millionaire .
I just wanted to pay some bills .
You walked in the store and there behind the counter is your old friend .
Is yes not the owner of the store .
<unk> <unk> .
Yeah .
And .
Who was who was a dear friend who i am so sorry to .
When i found out it was him i was totally devastated .
I think i relived the whole robbery all over again .
I mean my body just fell apart devastated that he would do something like that to someone he knew .
Meanwhile out on bail eric got the name of lawyer jeffrey orlando .
Together they worked on the criminal case .
Their goal was to try to convince the d. a. and the judge that eric should be spared jail time .
Eric was facing a possible two to seven year prison sentence and his victim <unk> <unk> felt some time should be served .
Finally on march seventh of this year the case was heard before judge james <unk> in the westchester county court house .
Eric walked through the familiar court house doors for the first time as a defendant a criminal .
I am so apologetic .
It's just the bills were mounting up .
I didn't know what to do .
I didn't go to hurt anybody .
I never would have hurt anybody .
I just .
The story struck a sympathetic chord .
The judge gave eric no jail time but instead six months house arrest with an electronic monitor and five years probation with continued mandatory therapy and rehabilitation .
The ex cop would not be put behind bars .
It was a controversial decision .
Thirty seven percent of readers polled by the local newspaper favored prison time and the liquor store salesman who looked down the barrel of a gun was outraged .
I feel it was totally unjust .
I i felt the judicial system failed .
A man commits and armed robbery and he gets a slap on the wrist .
I felt he's making an open door policy that you have a story to cry about go out and rob a store or do whatever you have to do .
You're going to get away with it as long as you've got a good story to cry about .
Judge this is widely viewed as a light sentence a slap on the wrist .
You don't see it that way .
Number .
Number .
I think it's an accurate and a very fair reflection of the circumstances .
The likelihood is extremely remote that he will ever be a threat to society again .
And perhaps now with the turn of events there will be some hope in the future for this family .
One of the most positive things for them they say has been the support they've received from caring people all over who have heard about their story .
I applaud you and your wife for the courage you must have to keep the family together .
I will keep your family in my prayers .
Dear liz and eric i read your story in the news and my heart goes out to you .
I have a one year old daughter and i can't possibly imagine something like that ever happening .
I just hope that he understands the love the pure unconditional love that i have for him .
And i love him i love him so dearly .
Tom jarriel is in our washington bureau right now .
And there's been a very recent development in this story since tom filed it .
Tom tell us about that .
Hugh there has .
Just last night in a bizarre turn of events mrs. <unk> was arrested for grand larceny .
She's suspected of stealing a computer .
She claims through her at that it's a misunderstanding .
We'll have to wait and see how the law shakes it down .
But it's unusual because they seemed to be doing so well .
Yeah it's very very strange .
How will this affect christopher the little boy .
Well if she's found to have been guilty of this it could affect him a great deal .
The state might move in and take over his care and custody .
She as we know has been his primary <unk> .
That's really really unfortunate .
Thank you very much tom .
Certainly .
Well next people can spend years getting over a traumatic experience like war or rape .
And now an amazing new therapy is helping patients like these in just hours .
When we come back lynn sherr takes a close look at this strange but successful treatment .
