We're going to break into our whitewater coverage for a moment for some developments having to do with bosnia hercegovina where bosnian serbs have recently rejected a series of peace proposals and where last night bosnian serb soldiers apparently stole heavy weapons from a u. n. guarded area .
Our senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer is standing by with the latest .
Wolf .
Judy we're told here by well placed sources that the u. n. commander on the scene in bosnia lieutenant <unk> sir michael rose has asked nato to launch air strikes and indeed nato war planes have been ordered into action .
They are on the way to bosnia but it is unclear whether any actual air strikes have actually occurred whether any bombs have actually been dropped .
They are looking for targets we are told but this provocation this latest provocation by the bosnia serb forces in and around sarajevo has precipitated this latest potential for nato air strikes .
Once again nato war planes in the skies have been ordered into action at the request of the u. n. nato the u. n. commander on the scene lieutenant general sir michael rose .
We'll be covering this here at the white house getting more information .
But officials here at the white house elsewhere in washington have been told that these nato air strikes have been requested .
Judy .
Wolf why is this considered a provocation for the serbs to bosnia serbs to have taken back these weapons from this u. n. guarded area .
This was in the weapons exclusion zone .
These weapons were supposed to be stored were not supposed to returned to the bosnian serbs .
According to the u. n. commanders on the scene the bosnian serbs went in took out some of these arms from these warehouses from these storage facilities .
This was this is considered a provocation this is considered something that is unacceptable in terms of the weapons exclusion zone around sarajevo and as a result in order to get tough with the bosnian serbs the united nations commander general rose has asked for these nato air strikes .
Once again nato war planes are in the skies .
This has happened before without bombs being dropped because of the possibility that targets were not available .
But we're told that they're looking for targets right now .
Wolf how unusual is it for nato to respond so quickly in a situation like this .
Well in the past there have been similar requests from general rose and it took too long for nato for the united nations for the chain of command to get planes into the skies .
This was very quick we're told this is a very speedy response something that had been in training they've been practicing gearing up for this for some time .
This is rather unusual given the fact that for the last several months the nato involvement the u. n. involvement in and around sarajevo elsewhere in bosnia has been relatively quiet .
So this is clearly a stepped up activity real activity right now and something that certainly comes on the heels of the bosnian serbs' rejection of the latest international peace plan for bosnia .
Right .
And wolf just to clarify two things .
One is that this is specifically to go after those weapons that they've taken back is that right .
That is correct .
It's specifically designed what's called close air support specifically designed to deal with this latest incident .
And second do we know which country's airplanes would be used in this nato attack .
Almost always the united states .
U. s. war planes almost always in the past have been used and presumably are being used right now .
It would be unusual if they were not u. s. planes .
My hunch is based on what i've been told is that they are u. s. war planes that have been ordered into action right now .
One other thing we should note it does come on the heels of a rift of a major split between the yugoslav government and the bosnian serbs over the bosnian serbs' rejection of the latest peace plan .
So let me just recap judy nato war planes have been ordered into action over bosnia at over bosnia at the request of the united nations commander lieutenant general sir michael rose .
Those planes have we're we don't know for sure whether any bombs have actually been dropped but they're looking for targets .
All right thanks c. n. n. senior white house correspondent wolf blitzer and to our pentagon correspondent jamie mcintyre both of whom have been working on this story .
We'll of course be following it through the morning .
