<unk> activists put pressure on old <unk> .
A new organization of young activists concerned with the budget deficit held a rally in washington today .
The group called third millennium is an offshoot of another group of <unk> activists called lead or leave .
Both groups want to speak for young adults who care about the economic problems facing this nation but not everyone supports their efforts .
Npr's <unk> vu reports .
For starters third millennium is not about partisan politics nor is it about divisive issues like abortion or the death penalty .
Instead says group member robert <unk> it's about issues all young people can agree on .
Our agenda is simple end deficit spending stop the social security scam win the war against crime in the streets and <unk> in the schools safeguard the environment <unk> economic opportunity and make personal responsibility the cornerstone of our nation .
Vu third millennium claims an initial membership of at least forty writers business people and activists including lead or leave co founders john <unk> and rob nelson .
Third millennium says it represents generation x. as post baby boomers have come to be known .
It calls its agenda pragmatic idealism drafting young people to help end economic stagnation and social fragmentation .
Between now and september thirtieth the group will track the records of lawmakers and then publicly identify which legislators are blocking the reforms they want but not all young people have signed on .
Stacey <unk> president of the united states student association is troubled by the deficit cutting message spewed by both third millennium and lead or leave .
These groups are saying we need to cut the deficit at all costs and then politicians are going out and using that as a justification to cut programs which serve the younger generation .
Vu furthermore <unk> says the groups' claim that they represent an entire generation is ridiculous .
She says today's young people are far too diverse both in their backgrounds and interests to be completely represented by any one organization .
The criticism has been heard before by rob nelson of lead or leave .
At the group's anti deficit rally in front of the capitol today he gave this response .
My simplest answer to people who say you know who picked you to do this is just line up start your own group be part of your own thing be part of our thing but get out there and be a political voice 'cause your future's on the line .
Vu to implement that voice nelson led a handful of supporters inside the capitol after the rally to deliver a letter to lawmakers demanding deficit reduction .
They didn't exactly take the capitol by a storm some had to figure out what floor of the capitol they were on .
Upstairs and it's in this end .
We upstairs .
This is the second .
No it's second floor .
This is the second floor .
First floor .
<unk> below us .
Is this the first floor .
This is two .
Thanks .
Vu that exchange was followed by questions about where the appointments desk was to see if they could actually hand deliver their letters .
Lead or leave members readily acknowledge they're young and new to this country's political maze but if lead or <unk> twelve thousand members are any indication their movement isn't going away and their <unk> probably won't last long .
