Whether the need is to get brave or get braces as we'll see today there's a lot going on in dentistry .
Welcome .
I'm dan rutz .
Imagine yourself sitting in a dentist chair feeling ill at ease .
Suddenly you're transported into a beautiful garden like this .
That's one of the coping skills some people learn to help overcome their unnatural fear of dentistry .
Most people can think of a lot they'd rather do than have their teeth examined .
For eileen carter even the most routine care is an ordeal .
It's taken three sessions with a psychologist just to get as far as the door but after a lifetime of fear carter is determine to conquer this .
I've had years of pain already and i know when you just say the word dentist it <unk> up years of pain starting when i was five years old .
She recalls the first dentist she ever say .
He said she had twenty five cavities that day and started filling them with no pain killers .
Carter said she kicked the dentist and he refused to see her again .
Doctor ronald <unk> director of the u. c. l. a. dental fear and anxiety program is willing to wait as long as it takes for patients like carter to become comfortable with him .
The goals of his first visit are modest a look through the mouth with a plastic mirror and maybe some x. rays .
Let's do this .
Let me just have you sit in the chair and we'll practice breathing for a few seconds .
Okay .
Okay .
I'm going to set the chair all the way up for you .
To carter it might as well be the electric chair .
And while you sit there i'm going to put my gown on .
Okay .
Where are you on that zero to ten scale .
I'm about eight .
Well let's do some breathing .
I'll look at your teeth just with a mirror .
Let's wait a minute .
Okay .
How're you doing eileen .
Not good .
Okay .
Don't forget to breathe .
At times like these she feels trapped .
I'm in the chair and he's looking in my mouth and i don't feel like i have an option to get up and go because i'm there already and i'm paying for the service and i'm there and i don't feel i could get up and go .
Okay now what would it take for you to say i'm doing fine but can i take a break .
I don't think that's a nice way of putting it i'm doing fine .
That's not a sign of weakness right .
Doesn't have to be .
Psychologist kenneth <unk> works closely with <unk> to help <unk> patients learn to take control over their dental treatment .
It's really important that you feel entitled to assert yourself in that situation to talk to the dentist or any practitioner for that matter .
When you're getting help you need to be able to say what's going on with you .
I'm feeling uncomfortable i need to shift my position can we pause for thirty seconds .
I think that sounds like you're strong when you're able to do that .
And the last and very important part of the treatment is to teach the patient to re write their inner script their inner dialogue .
This is where instead of saying oh oh something <unk> going to happen they say they take a deep breath they recognize that they are feeling anxious and they talk to themselves in a positive way such as i recognize i'm feeling uncomfortable i need to focus on my deep breathing i know i can handle this i've been here before it's difficult but i can make the best of it .
Can you imagine watching a beautiful sunset over the ocean .
<unk> <unk> <unk> images which he says carry people away from fear of pain and discomfort .
You can do the same thing mentally in the dental office .
You can direct your mind and this is what coping is about is about directing your mind .
And we're going to go ahead and take it very slowly and tell me if you need a break and tell me if you need a drink of water .
Okay .
Maybe start in the front first .
Sure .
But <unk> images are not enough to stem the tears or fears on this visit .
I knew this was going to happen .
It's okay .
Don't hold your breath .
You know my expectation was to be able to do this and without crying and without showing any vulnerability .
Don't be so hard on yourself .
I mean this is something you waited a long time to do right .
Yeah i did wait a long time to do it .
And if i wasn't in pain i wouldn't be here .
Now don't mistake tears of accomplishment .
What'd you say before i give myself some slack .
That's right .
Time must not be finite with them because everyone's needs will be different and you may need to spend one or two appointments just in the consultation phase before you do any physical work .
To fellow dentists <unk> underscores the importance of not rushing things with <unk> patients .
In extreme cases he is even willing to put them to sleep in an operating room as he once did routinely at great cost and inconvenience .
But then i started to realize i created a population of patients that were totally dependent on me and totally dependent upon anesthesia and they've never overcome their fear .
<unk> believes the combination of psychotherapy patient education and mild <unk> can help mainstream <unk> patients into accepting routine care .
<unk> cohen is one who has made it .
For me it was really learning to trust to somewhere that was damaged early .
Many suffer for years they say because people don't understand .
I would <unk> the subject and they would say yes everyone's nervous or oh everyone's afraid of dentistry or sure it hurts but you know .
To eileen carter a meeting with a former dental <unk> inspires hope .
I've made my first step today and i don't know what the rest is going to bring but i'm hopeful that eventually i'll be able to be comfortable as much as anybody else in a dentist's office .
The garden escape isn't necessary for everyone .
In fact some people are getting more involved in their dental care .
