At this hour prosecutors are trying to reopen the case that sparked the racial rampage in los angeles .
This time around one officer accused in the beating of rodney king would stand trial alone .
Prosecutors want to retry officer laurence powell on the charge that deadlocked the first jury .
C. n. n.'s greg lamotte joins us with details on today's hearing .
Greg .
Well superior court judge stanley weisberg who presided over the trial of the four los angeles police officers accused of beating motorist rodney king is being asked to decide whether he will allow a retrial of officer laurence powell .
He is the one who inflicted most of the beating to motorist rodney king .
Powell's defense in all of this has been that he said king initially charged him and that's why he had to use his baton against him .
He says that king repeatedly tried to get up off the ground and ignored orders to get back on the ground and that's why he continued to inflict his baton blows .
But the prosecution says the force was excessive .
Three of the four defendants in this case were acquitted .
But the jury deadlocked on the one charge against powell of use of excessive force .
Now that has allowed the district attorney's office to seek a retrial in this matter .
But even though a retrial is being sought one of the four original defendants sergeant stacy koon the supervising officer on the scene of the beating says he doesn't think there's any way that powell can get a fair trial .
They've already convicted this man .
They aren't willing to let the jury system work .
They already have a verdict in their mind it's predisposed to guilt .
And they're not going to be happy until it is .
Today you read in the paper i think it was mr. mack or mr. <unk> had made the statement that justice will be done when they're all guilty .
Well sorry that's not the way our justice system works in america .
The motion for a retrial in the courtroom is expected to begin at any time now .
We will be back with live coverage when it begins .
