Kuwaiti ambassador reflects on iraq's actions .
Hello and welcome to diplomatic license .
I'm richard roth .
This week at the u. n. a lot of talk about haiti south africa and bosnia but at week's end shades of nineteen ninety iraq moving troops towards kuwait just as the security council was ready to hear a favorable report on its compliance with u. n. resolutions .
The war of words at the u. n. was over those ongoing economic sanctions on iraq .
What is clear to us is that the application of sanctions and the embargo in the manner described against iraq is a process of vengeance a process aimed at depriving the people of iraq a nation with a great history a nation which has contributed immensely to human civilization depriving it of the simplest constituents of human life .
I have just come from hearing one of the most ridiculous speeches delivered at the united nations by iraq and i will i have already signaled our desire our desire for right of reply at the appropriate time later this afternoon .
Let me just state right here that the issue is not one of america's record .
It is of iraq's record of <unk> .
Iraq with its record they don't respect any norm and we expect that if they want to commit and aggression they will not respect that this area is demilitarized .
They will just push to kuwait .
It is the height of cynicism for the iraqi government to appeal to the general assembly on behalf of the suffering iraqi people .
This is the same government which years before ethnic cleansing was employed in bosnia erased hundreds of kurdish villages from the map of iraq and used chemical weapons against its own civilians .
Mr. president the security council cares about the iraqi people more than the government of iraq does .
How far can you get when the representative of the united states talks about the statements that are emanating from baghdad .
Let her be fair and equitable to realize for once that blocking the correct process of the implementation of security council resolutions which iraq has implemented for so long and perpetuating the suffering a whole nation certainly results in frustration and anger .
Joining me now is someone who is watching whatever iraq is doing very closely kuwait's ambassador to the united nations mohammad <unk> .
Ambassador you've been at the u. n. position for thirteen years there .
Without going into the specifics regarding this incident what do you think iraq is up to this time .
Iraq wants to intimidate the security council kuwait and the region .
How does this threat if you want to call it that compare to some of the other incidents we've had between the two countries .
Intimidation of nineteen ninety has proven to be right and they have invaded kuwait .
They think now they could repeat the same lesson .
Of course now we must tell our audience we're taping our show but do you believe that iraq seriously wants to cross the demilitarized zone there and move into kuwait again .
Iraq wants to change the status quo .
They would like to find an excuse for the plight of their people and this is the shortest way for them and they are wrong .
Now the head of the u. n. special commission rolf ekeus was scheduled next week to tell the security council that iraq has been doing good work in its compliance on weapons destruction and things like that .
Do you think that a six month timetable should be established whereby sanctions would be lifted in six months .
What do you think about that .
Iraq should not be given any <unk> of trust .
Iraq until now did not demonstrate the political will and the peaceful will .
Therefore no time limit should be given to iraq .
There's something that many diplomats and i'm sure your country is waiting for iraq to say and it was not heard at the u. n. on friday .
What is it that you feel saddam hussein has to publicly say or his government that might make you feel better about things .
We thought that iraq has learned the less and kuwait should have been its border and its sovereignty recognized but that was the only topic which tariq aziz foreign minister of iraq did not expend .
What about the people of kuwait .
Have they eased tensions in the last few years .
Life had returned to normal or how many people were actually keeping an eye on iraq .
Yes i mean the kuwaitis i mean in the process to go back to the routine life but with this development and with the refusal of iraq to accept the boundary between kuwait ad the boundary of kuwait the situation is not normal as it's supposed to be .
What should the u. s. reaction be .
When should force be used if at all in this situation .
It is not only the u. s. .
It is also the obligation of the security council whenever any violation for our border takes place .
Then immediate reaction should be materialized .
Well let's take the view of iraq here .
That country says that its people are being punished unfairly that the various food <unk> are not coming through in enough supply that the people are really suffering there .
Why shouldn't sanctions be lifted on this regime .
Well that's not true at all .
Medicine food is flowing in iraq unhindered .
Iraq was now able to seek permission from the sanction committee to order six hundred fur coats and three hundred brass beds and ten million dollars worth of whiskey .
A regime which could order this from sanction committee should not blame the international community of preventing its people from the necessity of food and medicine .
Looking behind the diplomatic scenes do you ever have any meetings personal conversations with nizar hamdoon the u. n. ambassador from iraq .
Number .
You have had no communication with him .
No communication whatsoever .
What's it going to take to get you to start talking .
Well first of all they should abide by security council resolution and join the civilized community of the nations .
Okay mohammad <unk> kuwait's ambassador to the u. n. at least for the last thirteen years thank you very much for appearing here on diplomatic license .
Thank you very much .
Speaking of sanctions this week the u. n. formerly eased some against the former yugoslavia .
