President clinton says the latest numbers are further proof that the country needs his plan for reducing the deficit .
He also acknowledged that he and his staff need to refocus their attention on what is important .
As the president put it to get our priorities straight .
Here's a. b. c.'s brit hume .
In the oval office today the president acknowledged he's contemplating some changes in the white house staff as he prepares a major push to get his economic program through congress .
He conceded some of that laser focus on the economy he promised has been lost .
One thing that you risk when you try to get a lot of things going in a hurry is that you wind up having people work very very hard but maybe getting a little out of focus .
And i think we should bring it tighten the focus a little bit .
I think that's what we ought to do .
On capitol hill there were clear signs that the clinton program's momentum which once seemed unstoppable has faded just as the large tax increases he's proposed are being taken up .
I don't know what provisions in this tax bill we would get a majority for .
But we are instructed to raise two hundred seventy two billion dollars by june eighteenth .
If moynihan is worried the white house should be too because the democrats on his committee have only an eleven to nine majority meaning one switched vote could block the program .
The assessment was a bit more positive on the house side .
But even there the committee chairman was making no promises .
There's no question about it that the task before us is enormous .
But i'm firmly committed to helping president clinton achieve his basic plan and reach his deficit reduction targets .
Republicans were making clear today they will resist .
I genuinely believe that the deficit is high because we spend too much not because we tax the american workers too little .
The republicans haven't gotten much mileage out of that issue since george bush broke his no new taxes promises three years ago .
But now with mr. clinton having proposed even bigger new taxes the republicans hope at least they've go the tax issue back .
