Thank you for joining us .
Friends and family of jacqueline kennedy onassis are holding a private service this evening at her new york apartment .
Mrs. onassis will be buried tomorrow beside her first husband president john f. kennedy in arlington national cemetery .
The casket will be flown to washington after a private funeral in new york .
C. n. n.'s gary tuchman has more on the farewell to the former first lady .
There was a mob scene of members of the media and the general public when jacqueline kennedy <unk> son john and daughter caroline showed up at their mother's apartment for her wake .
The entrance was quite a bit easier for mrs. <unk> sister lee <unk> .
At the small church where jacqueline kennedy onassis prayed her death was announced on sunday with the traditional prayer .
For the souls of the departed that they may be made current in the life of the spirit .
Especially father r. bruce jackson sister bernard quinn and jacqueline kennedy onassis .
Let us pray to the lord .
The saint thomas more church where the former first lady often worshipped is too small for her funeral service so the much larger saint <unk> loyola church only a few blocks from her home was decided as the site for the funeral service .
Father walter <unk> will be the principal <unk> at the mass .
The procession takes place down the center aisle of the church the priests lead it with the <unk> candle and then the family follows the coffin and makes their way to the front <unk> .
All day sunday people continued to come to mrs. <unk> new york home leaving flowers at the doorstep as a sign of respect .
People were also honoring the former first lady at john f. kennedy's grave site the place that will also be his <unk> grave site .
Just over twenty five years ago jacqueline kennedy lighted the eternal flame on the site that hasn't been extinguished since .
The monsignor who performed the catholic sacrament of the sick on mrs. <unk> death bed said he went to her home with some fear and trepidation because of the stature and dignity of jacqueline kennedy onassis .
She gave a great deal of importance to her religious duties and under the stress of the events and circumstances of her life which were monumental you might say compared with most of us she certainly must have drawn on those religious resources that she had deep within her heart .
The monsignor says his parish church will miss her terribly .
The funeral service will be private only family close friends and associates will be allowed inside .
But the hearts of countless others will surely also be inside .
