From a. b. c. this is world news saturday .
Here's aaron brown .
Good evening .
President clinton is getting exactly what he wanted from the nomination of judge stephen breyer to the u. s. supreme court he's getting rave reviews .
Although no choice makes everyone happy judge breyer the man named to replace justice harry blackmun is coming awfully close .
So who is this stephen breyer and why are people saying such nice things about him .
We have two reports tonight beginning with law correspondent tim o'brien .
Stephen <unk> life may never be the same but the routine of this workaholic judge didn't change this morning beginning with his neighborhood jog and then it was off to the courthouse where breyer has achieved what many thought <unk> .
Listen to robert bork rejected for the supreme court because some thought he was too conservative .
I think breyer is one of the best choices we could expect .
And harvard's laurence tribe not seriously considered because some think he's too liberal .
I think it's a wonderful nomination and will make a terrific addition to the supreme court .
Republicans rave about him .
I think that this is a very good choice .
Stephen breyer is a person with a big heart he's a very decent man .
And the senate's leading democrat ted kennedy will sponsor him .
The key question tonight about breyer may be how anyone in public life could have made so few enemies .
Breyer appeared to offer president clinton just about everything but votes .
In terms of geography clinton took massachusetts by storm in the last election .
The appointment could even cost clinton with some interest groups which are not enthusiastic about breyer .
He has a pronounced tendency to come down on the side of big business against small business and the corporate position against consumers workers and environmental safety .
There's never been an hispanic on the court and some hispanics feel left out .
We don't want to just be the judged we want to be part of those that do some of the judging as well .
From the n. double a. c. p. legal defense fund only cautious optimism .
As i look at justice <unk> record i think he is capable of rising to the challenge and i just hope that he will .
Presidents historically have appointed justices to win political points if not elections .
President clinton said he just wanted to put a highly qualified judge on the court .
While there's no perfect candidate the initial reaction from liberals and conservatives democrats and republicans is that mr. clinton got what he was looking for in stephen breyer who appears to be a risk free nominee .
