The fire season is just beginning in the western u. s. already fire crews are in a pitched battle against nature .
A wild fire in washington state is bearing down on a resort community .
Rusty dornin joins us now live with the latest .
Rusty .
Well joe just a few moments ago several crews came running out and jumped on the trucks .
There are five apparently strike forces here that are heading out for some sort of structure protection near leavenworth .
You can't tell but surrounding us in this huge fire camp near leavenworth are mountains .
And those mountains there are several fires burning in these mountains all around us .
You can't see it because the smoke is so thick it blankets the entire region of north central washington .
It stretches for miles .
Now combined with the <unk> fire and leavenworth over one hundred ten thousand acres have burned so far .
But trouble spots keep shifting like the wind and that's exactly what happened this weekend .
The blaze near leavenworth washington took off like a flash over the weekend more than doubling in size in twenty four hours .
In some spots firefighters say there was only one option .
I think it just all of a sudden exploded and there wasn't much you could do except for run .
This house survived a near firestorm when the blaze roared through the valley and jumped a highway .
Awesome .
It was awesome .
The winds that the fire created to keep itself going was just unreal .
I was scared very scared .
Wind whipped blazes near here have crews chasing the fire in heavily <unk> areas filled with homes .
We're <unk> <unk> canyon again sir we're back up to level two .
We're going to make it quick but we need to go in and check on a few things and we'll get in and get out .
Hauling whatever they could fit in the car hundreds of residents continued to evacuate never knowing what they would come back to if anything .
I feel good about the efforts that's being made .
Really pleased with the effort that everybody's making .
There's nothing you can do you know it's in somebody else's hands not ours .
Most of the businesses in this <unk> town of five thousand have shut their doors .
The tourists have gone home and the residents can only watch and wait .
Forty miles away firefighters steered the huge blaze that has already consumed more than ninety thousand acres away from the resort town of <unk> .
We do not know exactly how many homes have been lost near leavenworth the last count was fourteen but crews can't get back in to many of these hot spots and find out what's going on .
We do know that this morning there were fire crews up using explosives to blast fire lines .
And also now one of the reasons it's so smoky here right now is that there's no wind to blow out any of the smoke .
Also the temperature has dropped quite a bit maybe twenty degrees this afternoon .
Now that's good news .
The humidity seems to be rising as well .
If this weather can hold i think the firefighters hopefully maybe can get a handle on this fire .
Reporting live from leavenworth washington rusty dornin .
Rusty you mentioned the homes lost what about the fruit industry which in particular the apple and pear orchards that provide the backbone of that area .
How has it fared .
Well joe this area is covered with apple and pear orchards that have fruit on them .
They're being heavily <unk> they're full of water it's been a life <unk> for many of these regions because when the fires come down the orchards will act as a barrier and actually halt the advance of the fire .
It may come in one row maybe two rows but no farther .
So in many ways the apple orchards are not only an economic life <unk> but a life <unk> for property as well .
