Nato jets today are patrolling the skies over sarajevo maintaining vigilance but there have been no air strikes .
The deadline for the serb withdrawal passed thirteen hours ago and the u. n. says the serbs have complied for the most part .
C. n. n. correspondent peter arnett joins us from sarajevo to update the situation .
Hello peter .
Yeah bob as you were saying nato jets u. s. planes overhead .
They're flying as we speak at this moment .
U. n. officials are indeed saying that the cease fire is holding and that the ultimatum has been successful .
They're describing activities today as consolidation and cleanup .
They are saying that a total of two hundred sixty plus weapons have been assembled on the serbian side and forty five on the bosnian muslim side and they're all under u. n. supervision .
In a press briefing the u. n. spokesman colonel william aikman said that basically the u. n. forces today are clearing up the last few disputed locations and clarifying what the situation is in them .
Interestingly enough u. s. officials are suggesting that the sarajevo model that has brought a cease fire here may be used in other embattled places in bosnia such as in mostar and tuzla but they are saying that sarajevo for the moment is the priority certainly according to the u. n.'s aikman .
The next step is going to include opening up of routes in and out of the city .
The first part of that you know the first objective in that is once again to improve our ability to control the situation in and around sarajevo .
In the long term we hope that it will be also a significant step towards the normalization of the city as they those routes become available for civilian use as well .
The activity here has been described by some western officials as a tremendous step forward but this feeling is not generally shared on the streets of sarajevo .
More people were on the streets of sarajevo monday morning than in previous weeks .
The cease fire was holding and the threat of shelling over .
Cautious optimism was not hard to find .
I feel much safer because there are no shells and you can move around the city .
Just this once i feel good and i think this first step is the beginning of the end of this hell .
But pessimism was also hanging in the cold morning air .
I'm still afraid to walk around in the city .
I still have that fear .
I don't feel safe yet .
I don't feel any safer .
Nato failed here just as the european community failed a long time ago .
They should have bombed the serbs .
Sarajevo is still not free .
We're still under siege .
No food .
We can't travel .
It is not a solution .
Bob there are many more u. n. forces visible in the around the city around here in sarajevo .
That may help restore the shattered confidence of the population .
Bob .
Peter what we have seen of the serb forces withdrawing does not seem to show an army in distress at being forced out of that area .
Do you have a sense of what there attitude is toward this .
Well you know they are saying that they are complying with what the u. n. is demanding what the west is demanding and that they are simply doing this withdrawal because they feel that their communities are being protected with the u. n. presence .
But it is clear from their attitude on the other side of the line here that they feel they have lost very little tactically here that their objectives have basically been maintained in sarajevo that they have their population intact the city is still under siege and i don't think they feel this is a great this is a retreat of any kind but just a part of the game that is being played here bob .
