Small business loans sink with stimulus package .
Well the government's loan guarantee program has run into some difficulty that program for small businesses about to run out of money .
Funds to extend the program through september died in the senate along with the rest of the president's stimulus package .
Irv chapman reports from washington .
A start up manufacturing company expansion of a trucking firm a shuttered motel that was reopened and rehabilitated typical of the government guaranteed small business loans recently made in a town like fargo north dakota .
It's a way for the government to substantially increase the credit with very little risk and it gives the financial institutions an opportunity to make loans probably that they would not otherwise make and lessen their risk through the guarantees .
After backing three billion five hundred million thousand dollars in loans since october the small business administration reached its limit .
If that's bad news the good news if the major reason for it economic improvement .
If the economy turns down a small business client usually is the first to fall .
But in the same token when the economy begins to turn up the small business client is the first or the leader to come out of that economy .
President clinton had asked congress to allow two billion five hundred million thousand more dollars in lending between now and next october first but he put it into the bill that died by filibuster .
The clinton administration is being stubborn about it to make a point .
It's one of the things that was in the stimulus package one of the few good things that republicans support and they're trying to make an example of it to embarrass republicans .
In fact congress would only have to appropriate one hundred forty one million thousand dollars to finance a five point four percent reserve for <unk> .
The actual loan money comes from the banks .
Small business has long been a favored constituency here on capitol hill never more than right now when small businesses account for a majority of the new jobs created .
So it shouldn't be that difficult for congress to come up with a bi partisan rescue of the loan program .
Irv chapman c. n. n. business news washington .
Central to the president's economic plan is of course the conversion of our defense industry to civilian enterprise .
Next on moneyline we take take a look <unk> a look at the defense industry's struggle to adapt to the end of the cold war .
A moneyline special report disarming reality next .
