This is a this is a roaring fire here .
This and i don't know if there are any fire trucks even i haven't seen any fire trucks come up .
I don't i don't know if there are any fire trucks at the compound even so this hah this fire is really burning out of control here .
Well and we also have to remind viewers that water has been turned off .
Exactly .
Good point .
The water pump does not work at the facility it has been disabled by the f. b. i. about the second week of this of this raid .
Now and also remember we've had thirty five to forty mile an hour winds and this fire is racing out of control .
Black smoke would indicate some sort of perhaps tar on the roof or oil perhaps something burning there .
Some type of .
Another thing to remember is the room that f. b. i. agents believe held the weapons cache is right in that general vicinity so there could be the danger .
So we're looking right we're talking about the opportunity of explosives going off at any moment i suspect .
F. b. i. agents have told us on several occasions that the cult was armed with grenades they had rocket propelled grenades they had hand grenades and other explosives .
Indeed that was part of the original search and arrest warrant .
So it would .
This fire is really rolling now .
I don't see from that vantage point any effort on anybody's part to bring a fire truck up there if in fact there is one here .
I have not seen one come by all morning .
This is in the observation tower bonnie .
This is where all the messages were hung on the sheets if you'll remember and it's it's completely engulfed in flames it appears now .
The whole south side of the building is is going up in flames literally before our eyes here .
We don't see anybody coming out of the compound yet and there has been the concern from the part of the f. b. i. that perhaps some of the members would simply not leave if indeed the <unk> was used as we've seen it has been used .
Correct and as you as you pointed out david has said time and again that he would not come out .
And it this is we still do not see any any any sort of firefighting equipment out there so apparently the strategy is to let this thing burn .
Well and again among the weapons that are inside the compound and this comes from the search warrant there are zero point five zero caliber weapons there are hand grenades there are a number of different type of <unk> grenades .
Indeed some of the agents who were killed and wounded on february twenty eighth indeed were injured by some sort of explosive device .
The f. b. i. also believes that koresh over the last year or two had started <unk> explosives and different devices so that they could build their own explosives .
So clearly that may have added to the fire spreading so quickly .
Mike on the phone right now we have david <unk> whose ex wife is in the compound .
Mr. <unk> daughter recently left the compound as well .
Mr. <unk> what are your thoughts now as you see this .
I was certainly not prepared for this when i came on the phone to do an interview with c. n. n. .
I'm sitting here watching listening over the telephone and watching the pictures on television and i'm very very glad that my daughter is not at home seeing this right now .
As i'm seeing now the <unk> caving in on the buildings i'm inclined to think that particularly with bob <unk> statements this morning that the tear gas that was being used was a non pyrotechnic type .
My understanding of that would mean that it's a non flammable type of <unk> that probably what we're seeing is basically oh you might call it the pushing of a self destruct button .
On the phone with us is r. g. wilson of the waco fire department .
Sir do you have fire trucks on the way to the scene now .
Yes we do we have two units that have were requested by the f. b. i. probably about five minutes ago or six and they're en route now .
Were you given any type of heads up or any type of warning that something like might happen .
Were you on standby at all .
No not today .
We have been in the past but we weren't today of any type .
We had been in contact with the f. b. i. and a. t. f. and they were to follow normal procedures and use nine hundred eleven to get a hold of us .
Biggest problem there is there's no municipal water supply there .
This the compound is out in the country .
They use wells .
Our equipment hooks up to <unk> and just like they do in all the municipalities around our engines don't do not have the capability to draft water .
Therefore we have contacted a satellite community <unk> and they're sending one or two units that do have capabilities to draft water out of spot tanks swimming pools whatever the case may be .
But right now there's no it'll there's no way you can do anything with that building right now .
Keep in mind we are a mile mile and a half away from this fire almost two miles really with an eight hundred millimeter lens .
Smoke is billowing one hundred fifty two hundred feet into the air .
And also keep in mind this is an area the size of a city block that's on fire .
We are not talking about a small fire here .
This is a big a big blaze .
The wind blew and blew and blew and the flames steadily spread throughout the compound and this is gosh this has taken us what we've been like this in flames for the better part of an hour now .
Bonnie we are seeing the first waco fire truck go past us .
Even as we speak he's now this has been some forty forty five minutes after the fire broke out .
C. n. n. affiliate <unk> television in dallas is reporting that two people came out of the compound one with hands up the other person apparently an agent who went in to get that person so it's unclear now what the circumstances were but apparently two people did come out at some point .
We do not know who the cult member was obviously a cult member came out with his or her hands up .
That all remains to be seen .
That report coming from c. n. n. affiliate <unk> .
We're seeing activity the we see the m. sixty vehicles there along with alongside the fire trucks as they continue to watch the smoldering ruins of this fire .
But we're seeing helicopters here .
