Good evening .
It keeps growing and growing it is this country's trade deficit with japan forty nine billion dollars and growing .
The japanese yen is strengthening but the japanese economy remains weak and the relationship between the two countries is strained .
President clinton today met for the first time with prime minister miyazawa of japan and pressed him to open up japanese markets to u. s. companies and to stop the trade gap from widening .
Irv chapman reports from washington .
The u. s. economy looking up americans are buying cars again but nearly three out of every ten are japanese cars .
Recession has exports to japan in a tailspin prime minister kiichi miyazawa promised president clinton his spending plan to stimulate japan's economy will have a big impact on the trade gap .
Four hundred sixteen billion dollars is a <unk> amount of money particularly on top of the eighty six billion dollars we committed august last year these two stimulus measures are bound to affect the japanese economy no doubt about it .
Japanese companies have been tightening their belts and consumer confidence is very low .
The japanese are right now quite frightened about what's happening in the world and everybody is not taking their money and running out and buying a new refrigerator they're as japanese do when they feel tension they sock it in the bank and there's no way to pry it out .
The president thought stimulating japan out of recession will help but it's far from the whole answer .
We have had a long and substantial trade deficit with japan which is highly concentrated in manufacturing and in certain sectors of manufacturing where we now believe we are competitive in price and quality .
I would like to have a focus on specific sectors of the economy and i would like it to obviously have specific results .
For example the negotiations that raised the u. s. share of japan's semiconductor market near twenty percent .
The japanese have long told american officials reducing the budget deficit and making u. s. industry more productive would also help .
Mr. clinton now says he's doing both and so the ball is in japan's court .
Irv chapman c. n. n. business news washington .
And just hours before the two leaders met the commerce department reported the trade deficit with japan had widened to four point one billion dollars in the month of february the overall trade deficit grew to more than seven billion dollars more than half of that with japan .
President clinton today said a stronger yen would ease trade tension and reduce japan's huge surplus and today the yen hit another all time high against the dollar one hundred twelve point one five however economists say that a stronger yen might help the american economy in theory but that is not what always happens in practice .
In fact over the past year the <unk> value against the dollar has surged by twenty percent but japan's trade surplus with the united states has shot up by ten percent that's because in part japanese exporters have trimmed profit margins raised productivity and held on to market share by improving products .
President clinton today trimmed his fiscal stimulus package by four billion dollars some funding requests cut by forty percent for programs but mr. clinton left unchanged programs he says will create jobs such as highway construction and summer employment programs .
The republicans say the president didn't cut enough and the president in a letter to republicans read by his spokesman clearly suggests that mr. clinton resented having to back down at all .
I make this recommendation reluctantly and regret the unwillingness of the minority to let the senate act on the original legislation but our mandate is to achieve change and to move the country forward and to end business as usual in washington .
The president has given us a new proposal which <unk> the ham but does not cut the fat out of it .
If these programs are important let's pay for 'em .
If they're not important let's don't raise the deficit to fund more spending .
I said that letter was sent to republicans and point in fact it was sent to the senate majority leader george michel .
Well the prospect of a somewhat smaller stimulus package today did not help the bond market investors intent on cashing in on the two week long rally the treasury's thirty year bond today dropped fourteen slash thirty <unk> in price bonds fell but stocks moved the other direction .
