Welcome back .
I'm ashley <unk> from washington d. c. .
They say you are what you eat .
Well now it's supposed to be easier to figure out exactly what you're putting in your mouth thanks to this it's one of the new labels all foods are wearing thanks to new nationwide rules .
This guy heads the food and drug administration the government group behind the new labels .
His name's david kessler and i've never seen anybody so <unk> about what they read on a box .
So we've changed the whole label .
And we've changed it so that the information on it is information that people can use .
Yeah but who's really going to read those labels .
More important why should kids care about them .
Well like these commercials for the new labels say you can eat your way to a healthier life and labels are a good place to start .
Check out what's in the food you eat .
The new food label use it .
For example the labels tell you how much fat a food has compared with the total amount of fat you need for the whole day .
Let's look at this food .
This food here is a <unk> .
One <unk> one serving has what percentage of your saturated fat for the day .
Fifty one percent .
What does that mean .
That's very high .
You eat two of these .
And that's all your fat for the day .
When it comes to fat or anything else your body needs remember the five percent rule .
Five percent or less is low .
Kessler says you should focus on a few specific numbers the ones printed in bold on the new labels .
They tell you how much total fat saturated fat <unk> and cholesterol a food has .
Too much of these is bad news .
There's one more number to keep an eye on fiber .
You want to make sure to get all the fiber you need .
Another thing about the new labels instead of listing confusing serving sizes like five ounces they use plain english to tell you how much of any food makes up a serving .
In the past on the old label if you look at the serving size it says .
One ounce .
All right how many potato chips are in one ounce .
I don't know .
Well you'd have to have a scale you'd have to weigh it .
It was kind of complicated .
Now on the new food label it tells you what the serving size is .
What is it .
It's twelve chips .
Twelve chips .
So whether you're <unk> on junk food or cooking up a health food feast you can know exactly what you're putting in your body if you read the labels .
From washington d. c. i'm ashley <unk> with real news for kids .
So what do you think .
Will these new food labels make a difference in what you choose to eat .
Well get ready to call in and vote because that's our kids call question this week .
If you say yes the new food label will make a difference in what you choose to eat call one eight hundred three hundred thirty one eight thousand four hundred .
If you say no the new food labels will not make a difference in what you choose to eat call one eight hundred three hundred thirty one nine thousand seven hundred and we'll tell you how the vote comes out next week .
Kids call phone numbers if you say yes the new food label will make a difference in what you choose to eat call one eight hundred three three one eight four zero zero .
