This is katie davis .
Coming up on all things considered a bosnian town prepares to consider .
We'll have a report on srebrenica .
A black south african leader warns patience is about to run out in his country and i hear america singing the music of stephen foster .
That's coming up so stay tuned .
Today the top generals of bosnia's warring serb and muslim forces met to discuss the fate of the east bosnian town of srebrenica which has been under serb attack for the past year .
Following several hours of talks the two sides agreed to a cease fire to take effect at midnight local time .
The thirty thousand citizens of srebrenica have endured intense serb shelling during the past few days .
According to ham radio operators in srebrenica conditions there are desperate as thousands of civilians attempt to evacuate .
This ham radio operator transmission was monitored this afternoon in the nearby town of tuzla .
The nameless operator says the situation is horrid and dramatic .
He says srebrenica is being attacked from all sides and that serb forces are very close to the town .
He says he doesn't know how many are dead or injured just that the hospitals are overcrowded .
Kate <unk> is a b. b. c. correspondent in tuzla located just sixty miles from srebrenica .
She has been monitoring the cease fire talks and says the two sides have so far agreed to three specific points .
First of all that there should be a cease fire .
Secondly that the canadians who today attempted to get into srebrenica but could not should be going in there fore eleven o'clock tomorrow .
And these are the canadian united nations forces that tried to get to srebrenica today .
That is that's so .
They attempted to get to srebrenica .
They couldn't .
They were stopped at the crossing point into serb territory and they've been waiting here at tuzla .
The third point is that there should be a helicopter evacuation and that that should be planned for perhaps the next forty eight hours .
That too was postponed today but the most important things we've heard are two words <unk> is the first one and what this means is that all sides within a certain area should surrender their weapons to the u. n. troops .
In fact this is a surrender in effect for the muslims within srebrenica because the serbs are for miles and miles round the town and even if some of them gave up their weapons it would still be in effect a surrounded town and the second word being used is freedom of movement and this is another phrase to mean mass evacuation .
They're what we have on the cards tonight is the muslims surrendering srebrenica and probably preparing to leave though no one knows if it all is going to go according to plan but there is now a surrender as they say under discussion .
Do you know anything about what is actually going on in srebrenica .
We have read reports during the day that there was reportedly hand to hand combat in the streets that there was very heavy shelling of the town and of course there are many civilians in the town .
What can you tell us .
I can i can confirm that there was heavy shelling .
We've had this confirmed from several sources including the u. n. and the aid workers in the town and it was particularly heavy this morning it went a bit quieter this afternoon but it began again this evening .
We had a figure of at least twelve are dead all civilians and seventeen injured and this by no means represents the full amount because it's almost impossible to go out amongst the the town which is a very <unk> long town going on for quite a way with a lot of little outlying hamlets and actually count people because people are so frightened they're spending all the time in their cellars .
As for hand to hand fighting yes there have been rumors there have been stories about this but we have no eyewitness reports and nothing to confirm that the serbs have actually entered the town .
We believe that they are still about a mile from it surrounding it and shelling it and firing at it .
Does today's news mean that srebrenica will actually fall into the hands of the serbians that they have essentially captured it with this apparent surrender .
Capturing is probably too strong and too <unk> a word for what has actually happened .
What is likely to happen if this goes through and i have to say it is a very big if because everything has gone astray that's ever been planned cease fires and everything but if this goes through then it is the abandoning of a town to the serbs .
They do not move forward and take it in a military action .
They wait and they wait and they are waiting for people to get up and leave to leave the town in a huge evacuation of tens of thousands of people .
The bosnian president alija izetbegovic said today that if srebrenica falls into serb hands that bosnia should remove its signature from the vance owen peace plan that has been worked on so long .
What impact do you think that the fall of srebrenica will have on this peace plan .
I think it is accepted that the peace plan is probably almost dead in the water now .
If srebrenica falls then what that means is that one of the areas which was designated under the vance owen peace plan to belong to the bosnians the bosnian muslims that comes into serb hands and i doubt i think most people doubt that they will ever give it up .
Territory gained in a war is rarely ceded again under a peace plan and because of that i think people think that the vance owen plan now has major flaws in it .
Well thank you very much kate .
Kate <unk> is a b. b. c. correspondent .
