President clinton on what he means by universal health care coverage .
In rwanda no one is able to stop the panic .
A horrified relief worker says we cannot cope .
And the los angeles district attorney tells black community leaders o. j. simpson will receive a fair trial .
From a. b. c. this is world news tonight with peter jennings .
Good evening .
We begin tonight with a very intense debate about health care reform .
President clinton made a major speech about health care today .
And when it was over all washington was saying what did he mean .
The president said today that guaranteed health care for every american which has been the cornerstone of his whole proposal for health care reform did not necessarily mean every american .
So first to boston where the president and the republican leader in the senate robert dole addressed the nation's governors .
Here's a. b. c.'s jim wooten .
For months the president has <unk> avoided putting any numbers on his promise of coverage for everybody .
Today he finally did .
You cannot physically cover one hundred percent .
It's impossible .
Nobody can do that .
From the beginning that has not always been the impression left by the president .
If you send me legislation that does not guarantee every american private health insurance that can never be taken away you will force me to take this pen veto the legislation and we'll come right back here and start all over again .
But today recognizing he'll probably have to settle for something less the president spoke of something he called functional full coverage .
That is somewhere you know ninety six ninety seven ninety eight percent .
Social security has ninety eight percent .
You've always got a few people just walking around out there .
So there's it's impossible to have one hundred percent coverage of anything .
His aides said it's all merely a matter of <unk> .
Perhaps .
But ninety six percent coverage would still leave about eight million americans without health insurance .
Senator dole the republican leader spoke to the governors before the president and continued his attack on the administration's plan as too big too expensive .
But keep in mind we're about to create the largest single entitlement program ever created in history .
That assessment however is as open to interpretation as most of the rest of the rhetoric on health care reform .
All i ask in these closing weeks of this debate is that we take the political air out of the balloon and ask ourselves what will work for ordinary americans .
The president also reiterated his flexibility on employer mandates today not the first time .
But the governors took it as yet another expression of mr. clinton's willingness to compromise on health care .
