As the united states practices its politics so too does china .
That country is seeing some major changes in the leadership of the ruling communist party today .
C. n. n.'s mike chinoy reports from beijing .
The chinese communist party ended its first congress since the collapse of communism almost everywhere else by unveiling a new leadership lineup and a new formula for staying in power .
After a week of secret deliberations the two thousand delegates rubber stamped a new central committee .
Many of the aging <unk> who'd guided the party for years stepped down .
They were replaced by younger <unk> committed to the market oriented reforms of senior leader deng xiaoping .
Deng who's eighty eight did not appear in public at the congress raising doubts about his health that government officials were unable to dispel .
But his political strategy borrowing from capitalism to maintain communist party rule was elevated to holy writ .
The party convinced the country's current dramatic economic growth and an all pervasive security apparatus will blunt any popular demands for change .
On the political front they will retain the police state apparatus .
That means the army and the police will continue to be relied upon to insure that there will be no challenge to the administration .
But the congress was not an unqualified success for deng .
Prime minister li <unk> and party chief jung <unk> both associated with associated with a hard line faction suspicious of deng's move towards free markets retained their positions .
And there's the broader question .
With more and more of china going its own capitalist way with even once doctrinaire party <unk> joining in the rush to get rich quick how much does the congress really matter to the ordinary citizens .
This gathering was thus a milestone and not only because it enshrined deng <unk> vision for the future of china .
It could be the last time the chinese communists even pay lip service to socialist ideology .
The way things are going here in china by the time the next congress rolls around five years from now the business of the party is just as likely to be business as politics .
