Rose <unk> lenses correct light blindness .
Today we'll report on people who are <unk> by the light and how simple special lenses have restored their confidence and their sight .
Also spring is here and runners are everywhere .
We'll have a report on shin <unk> .
If you've had them you know how painful they can be .
We'll show you the latest in prevention and treatment .
And our cover story how genes are starting to play a role in new cancer treatment approaches .
Hello and welcome .
I'm dan rutz .
We'll have those stories today plus a guest former olympian jeff galloway with advice on how to improve as a runner but first how rose colored glasses have led some people out of darkness and into the light .
Carolyn robinson reports .
Jim sullivan looks at life through rose colored glasses now .
He sees things quite differently after twenty three years of <unk> from a strobe effect <unk> .
If someone tossed me something i might see it twenty feet away from me and my next vision of it would be right in my face .
That's because light of almost any kind blinds him .
He has a rare inherited eye condition called rod <unk> .
I spend a lot of time <unk> not just a simple <unk> but a powerful <unk> where where it was uncomfortable to be out in the sunlight for a length of time .
It's like snow white out .
It's like being in a snowstorm if they open their eyes at all .
Which made a lot of daily activities difficult like transportation .
It was always a problem until doctor <unk> <unk> <unk> of the university of california at berkeley fitted sullivan with lenses <unk> a specific shade of red .
Now he feels safe enough to ride his bike again .
I tell you being able to make judgments about objects and other moving objects from a distance being able to read street signs being able to see traffic lights is just something that's that's fantastic .
I'm still amazed that people can see traffic lights in the sunlight .
<unk> eyes lack important structures called cones .
Cones are the receptors that you use for daylight vision .
They are the ones that provide you with detail vision and color vision .
Rods are another type of vision receptor .
These activate your low light situations but they don't pick up colors which is why we see only shades of gray at night and night is the only time sullivan and others like him can see anything well since rods are the only vision receptors they have .
So what you want to do is to be able to provide them with light protection so that they can see as well as they can under dark conditions and the way you do that is by putting red lenses on them .
Red lenses will trick the rod structures into functioning as if it is night .
Typical sunglasses won't work .
I did have some glasses as a youngster some green sunglasses which i wore occasionally and broke very often so i didn't wear them too much .
They didn't seem to help much .
They were protection but not the protection that the red lenses give .
<unk> family spent about two years taking him around to doctors before one diagnosed him properly and that's a common story .
Most eye practitioners aren't familiar with rod <unk> since it only occurs to one in about thirty three thousand people but it's not hard to diagnose even in infants .
There's a sort of diagnostic test to do is to take the child outside and put red lenses in front of them .
If the child opens his eyes with red lenses on that's almost characteristic of this condition .
Other common characteristics rapid back and forth eye movement and extremely weak overall vision .
<unk> stresses it's important to get children diagnosed and fitted with corrective lenses early so development isn't slowed by their problems with light .
Can you open your eyes now .
Sure .
Sullivan remembers what a change it was when doctor <unk> first fitted him with red lenses .
But to be able to see leaves and branches and then always knowing that they were there but being able to experience them from a difference was something quite new as well as the birds and definition perimeters of objects were something that something that comes alive with these glasses .
Prior to wearing these things just blended into each other .
A whole new world has literally opened up before his eyes .
The greatest change that this has been for me i would say is that things seem limitless now and before they seemed very limited .
