Five and one quarter billion people live on this planet .
That number could triple by the middle of the next century if the population boom is not controlled especially in developing countries .
In our special series on the people bomb c. n. n.'s larry lamotte examines one possible solution .
It comes from a place of extremes called <unk> .
This is india's surprise .
People here call it the land of green magic .
<unk> on the southwest tip of one of the world's fastest growing countries .
But the magic is not just the beauty rather the dramatic drop in family size .
Consider this .
Sri <unk> was married at age eighteen can read and write has two young daughters and is sterilized .
I believe my children should be fed and educated .
If we had more children how would we do that .
Accepted thinking by western standards astonishing in developing countries but the people of <unk> have stunned the world on a number of fronts .
<unk> .
Lowest in india comparable to developing countries .
Infant deaths .
<unk> in the country .
Life expectancy .
The highest .
And the only state in india where women outnumber men .
All this in one of the world's poorest regions proving to some it doesn't take a large treasury chest to control the population .
These are lessons can be transplanted and used everywhere .
But there is a dark side .
India's highest unemployment the highest suicide rate .
Consequences of the failure to address economic development .
And that's confused observers trying to determine if <unk> success with population control can be exported .
Definitely there is a down side to <unk> and that has now become a major question in the eighties and early nineties .
<unk> success is due to its holistic approach to population control a complete menu that has dramatically slowed the <unk> .
A menu that includes a commitment to reading and writing and it's not just the men who have the education .
Most of the girls go through all of the grades here .
Unlike the rest of india where only about one quarter of the women are literate .
And the fight against over population i would place literacy female literacy as the number one it is the most enduring contraceptive for the third world .
There's no doubt about it .
It's because you find that the moment you <unk> a woman's mind she takes decisions on her own behalf .
And she takes the right decisions .
Sri <unk> has had ten years of education .
Her husband <unk> <unk> a construction worker nine .
But with very little income they talked over what they had read about family planning after the birth of their second child .
Because of education we came to think that if we have more children it will be economically difficult to raise them .
Good health care was another big factor in the family's decision .
I'm not afraid they will die .
They have taken all of the vaccination injections that are necessary and there are hospitals around if there are problems with the kids .
<unk> has proven that when fewer children die families are smaller .
Health clinics are spread across <unk> and with a good system of roads rural areas are served as effectively as urban .
State owned food stores try to assure good health by supplying basic food items for the poor at low cost .
And in the schools the needy get a free hot lunch .
<unk> focus on health and education is historical .
Dating back to the eighteen hundreds when christian missionaries taught <unk> in the caste system how to read and write and kind rulers built schools and hospitals .
In the nineteen fifties communists came to power teaching the people how to organize .
They demanded higher wages and better working conditions some security of employment .
So these are the ways the communist party began the organization of labor in this state .
The communists also allowed more people to own their own land producing a feeling of security .
The party lost the election in nineteen ninety one but remains a powerful force still organizing still demonstrating .
And though its chance resounds strongly through the working class the same communist system credited with advancing family planning is also blamed for contributing to <unk> dark side .
The economic front is appalling .
That <unk> has one of the highest unemployment rates in india .
I have a study on the health status of <unk> which shows that the mortality rate has come down but the morbidity or the sickness has gone up .
There are now victims of diseases like high blood pressure diabetes heart attacks and high rate of suicides mental tension so this does not improve the quality of life .
The extremes of <unk> successes and failures have sparked debate .
If india becomes <unk> god save us .
It will be a disaster .
If the other parts of the world particularly in the third world in africa give importance to female importance as <unk> did and would really go full into it obviously yes it is a success story which can be exported and transplanted to other parts of the world .
The challenge for the world is how to copy <unk> family planning success while avoiding the economic pitfalls .
