Finally this evening our persons of the week let the trumpets sound might be their motto .
With all the debate these days about how much government can do to make america a safer place to live we're reminded by these two women that government of the people and for the people is most effective when people get involved .
And these women are certainly involved .
So what are they going to do .
Go up and say yeah america works because i was molested but yet the guy walked after three months .
These kids are scarred for life .
This goes right into adulthood .
The kids they are referring to are not their own .
<unk> <unk> and sharon <unk> say they've been lucky no one has ever tried to harm their children never tried to molest them .
But like mothers everywhere child molestation disturbs them .
Most mothers don't talk about it all the time but they do .
Why so much passion .
The fact that i don't want it to happen to my children or <unk> children or my neighbor's children or any children that i know .
That's where the passion lies .
If <unk> <unk> seems worked up here is why back in february she and her best friend sharon <unk> who live outside chicago heard on the local news that the police department had picked up a <unk> .
And in the process of doing a routine check had discovered he was a fugitive from washington state accused of molesting two little girls .
Yet the police in madison illinois let him go .
A phone call to police in spokane confirmed that washington state was not prepared to pay three thousand five hundred dollars to bring joseph bernard davis back to spokane for trial .
They just said well the hell with the kids of illinois .
We're going to let him out because we're not going to take him back because we don't have enough money .
All of this happened half a mile up the road from the suburb where sharon <unk> and <unk> <unk> live a suburb with more than its fair share of well kept <unk> station wagons and of course droves of children .
These two mothers from the suburbs burst into action .
The called the police the mayor and then finally a spokane newspaper .
Chicago's mayor daley was enraged .
Well i feel sorry for the people of spokane really .
I really do .
Because there's a victim there or victims and i guess they really don't care for those victims .
Washington state of course was embarrassed by it all and did finally come up with the money for extradition .
Davis was re arrested two days later and flown to spokane maintaining his innocence .
I know in my heart i didn't do anything to those children .
I treated those children like my family my children .
A spokane court will determine his guilt or innocence .
But seeing joseph bernard davis in handcuffs was not enough to extinguish the anger of two suburban mothers .
If davis had been accused of robbing a bank or of murdering someone federal law would require his immediate extradition .
Child molesting falls under state law no extradition unless requested .
<unk> <unk> and sharon <unk> have taken on the burden of changing that changing the whole system .
In the last two and a half months they have organized a group called lock lock out child crime .
They have already lobbied the state of illinois to pass a bill which would provide longer prison terms for convicted child molesters .
We can't let our kids walk to the park without an adult supervising .
And that's why it's so important that we as adults do whatever we can to bring that back .
Their local congressman is certainly on their side .
He also wants to make child molesting a federal offense .
These ladies really illustrate how being active in your community can really make a difference .
If the law is to change it will need the support of many more state legislators which means more mothers will have to get involved .
But it's beginning to happen .
Since february mothers in seven other states have formed chapters of lock lobbying their legislators to get on board .
It is tough to change the system .
But as <unk> <unk> and sharon <unk> are teaching the rest of us it can be done .
We're trying to protect our children my children my neighbor's children all the children so they can be safe again .
It's up to us .
I mean my responsibility is to take care of your kids .
Your responsibility is to take care of my kids .
It's a human issue .
Which is why we choose <unk> <unk> and sharon <unk> such good examples of people that do not merely complain the system isn't working they work to make it more effective .
And that's our report on world news tonight .
Later this evening twenty twenty <unk> findings about the quality of the air you breathe when you fly .
I'm peter jennings .
