Well sometime in the future you might be able to see the olympics and everything else on t. v. a lot more clearly .
High definition television has been on the drawing board for a long time but it is an expensive and complicated proposition .
C. n. n.'s bonnie anderson reports the prospects for <unk> sharper t. v. are still a bit fuzzy .
High definition television provides a picture at least twice as clear as standard t. v. with no break up a wider screen and vastly improved sound .
People who've tested various systems simply say .
It's quite a knockout .
It can be very impressive .
But consumers can only see h. d. t. v. if they have a special television set that receives it and broadcasters transmit programming using the new technology .
That's an expensive proposition all around and may determine if h. d. t. v. will ever be a reality in the united states and if so when .
In japan where high definition broadcasts have been available for four years only twenty thousand h. d. t. v. sets have been sold .
Their price has dropped dramatically from about thirty thousand dollars a piece to six thousand dollars a piece .
While sales of expensive large screen t. v.s are picking up in this country some salespeople say h. d. t. v. at anywhere near that price will be a tough sell .
It'll be slow .
I don't think they'll rush out to buy it when it first comes out .
They'll take a wait and see approach probably .
Why .
Because of the expense and they're they've had experience in the past with formats that didn't fly .
So would you spend twice as much .
Would you spend three times as much or would you wait until the price was .
I think i'd wait until the price was pretty comparable with what i'm able to afford to pay now .
I don't think i'd go out and spend double the money just to get you know a higher quality television .
Still sometimes it's only a matter of time before prices drop and new technology catches on .
When color television was introduced in the late fifties and early sixties there was very little color programming being offered and few color television sets in use .
But now more than thirty years later it's virtually impossible to find a new black and white set unless of course it's pocket size .
But pretty soon these will become extinct too .
Still while many consumers say h. d. t. v. is fascinating others add it isn't enough of a technological advancement to justify spending a couple hundred dollars more on a set much less thousands more .
Color t. v. is a big advance over black and white t. v. because it's more like real life .
High definition really is just a refinement of color t. v. .
So i think it's not as drastic in terms of its appeal .
Broadcasters are paying attention to comments like these .
John swanson is vice president of cox enterprises which owns television and radio stations and has cable holdings .
The people that have been leading this pressure to implement h. d. t. v. have not been the broadcasters and they've not been the public .
<unk> six television stations says swanson will only reluctantly convert to a high definition system if stations they compete against do it first .
Why .
The cost .
Engineers estimate it will cost twenty million dollars to convert major market television stations to high definition t. v. because every piece of equipment must be replaced .
A field camera used today for example costs between thirty five thousand dollars and forty thousand dollars .
The comparable h. d. t. v. model is currently estimated at about half a million dollars .
And once stations start broadcasting h. d. t. v. for fifteen years they must also simultaneously broadcast the current signal for people who don't buy h. d. t. v. sets another expensive proposition .
But in the end some experts say the most important obstacle will be solving the who goes first dilemma on one hand are consumers who won't buy h. d. t. v. sets until prices come down and broadcasters air plenty of programming .
On the other are broadcasters who say why spend the money if no one's watching it may be years before that question is answered .
